Crises and transformations : challenges and futures
Conceiving multiculturalism : from roots to rights
Multiculturalism in the public sphere : city and school, markets and media
Multiculturalism and the nation state : who recognizes whom?
Picking winners: olympic citizenship and global race for talent
The birthright lottery: response to interlocutors
Earned citizenship: property lessons for immigration reform
Thinking through political subjectivity
[Review of:] The politics of heritage from Madras to Chennai. Mary E. Hancock. Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, 2008. 296 pp.
[Review of:] Balzer, Marjorie Mandelstam: Shamans, Spirituality, and Cultural Revitalization: Explorations in Siberia and Beyond. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2011.
The cultural politics of nation and migration
Mediating the Apocalypse : the disaster of the Titanic in Vietnamese pentecostal discourse
Sacred tourism and the state : paradoxes of cross-border religious patronage in southern Thailand
Performing multi-religious ritual in Southern Thailand
Underground railroads of Christian conversion : North Korean migrants and evangelical missionary networks in Northeast Asia
Living together : the transformation of multi-religious coexistence in southern Thailand
Policing in the streets of South African townships
Crowds, congestion, conviviality : the enduring life of the old city
The Ashgate research companion to cosmopolitanism
Buddhism in China and Taiwan
Inclusive elite bargains and the dilemma of unproductive peace : a Zambian case study
State and church in the making of post-division subjectivity : North Korean migrants in South Korea
Migration and new diversities in global cities : comparatively conceiving, observing and visualizing diversification in urban public spaces
Genuine charisma and its transmissibility : the inner landscape of reincarnated Lamas in contemporary Tibetan Buddhism in Kham and Golok
Spirit
Multiculturalism, culturalism and public incorporation
Bangkok's two centers : status, space, and consumption in a millennial Southeast Asian city
Editorial : Grenzregionen und Border Studies in Südostasien = Borderlands and Border Studies in South-East Asia
Taking out the trash? : A ‘garbage can’ model of immigration policing
Waiting in liminal space : migrants queuing for home affairs in South Africa
Symptoms as signs in Buryat Shamanic callings
Humanitarian crisis, religious nationalism and religious competition : Buddhist and Christian Karen in the Thai-Burmese borderland
The transformation of sovereign territoriality : a case study of South African immigration control
From subjects to citizens? : civil society and the internet in Syria
Embrace
Introduction
Buddhists in action : transnational migration and religious cosmopolitanism
Religion and education in a secular age : a comparative perspective
Smash temples, burn books : comparing secularist projects in India and China
Incident reporting : a technique for studying police corruption
Ethnocratic remaking of public space - Skopje 2014
The ethnic politics of coup avoidance : evidence from Zambia and Uganda
Just another change of guard? : Broad-based politics and civil war in Museveni’s Uganda
Narrating the nation, narrating the city
Beyond the urban-rural divide : complexities of class, status, and hierarchy in Bangkok
Sacred spaces of Karen Refugees and humanitarian aid across the Thailand-Burma Border
Baka Pygmies in Wallonia in 2002 and the “African Village” at Augsburg Zoo in 2005
The human zoo as (bad) intercultural performance
Multiculturalism
The spread of Tibetan Buddhism in China : charisma, money, enlightenment
Transnationalism
The human zoo after Abu Ghraib : performance and subalternity in the 'cam era'
Theorising transnational migration : the status paradox of migration
Migration control, documentation, and state transformation
Borderlands and Border Studies in South-East Asia
Sacred networks and struggles among the Karen Baptists across the Thailand-Burma border
Ethical dilemmas and identifications of faith-based humanitarian organizations in the Karen refugee crisis
Ethnic exclusion and the puzzle of diverging conflict trajectories : a paired comparison of Kurds in Syria and Turkey
Morality books and the regrowth of lay Buddhism in China
The exceptional Asian : the fetish for culture in India and Japan
Religious networks in Asia and beyond
In the footsteps of the tourists : Buddhist revival at museum/temple sites in Beijing
Book review: Nicolas van Dam. The Struggle for Power in Syria. Politics and Society under Asad and the Ba‘th Party. London: I.B.Tauris, 2011.
[Review of:] Asian immigration to the United States by Philip Q. Yang. Cambridge: Polity. 2011
Godot in Bombay : a tragicomedy in two decades
A Review of Carolyn Chen’s "Getting saved in America : Taiwanese immigration and religious experience"
Cultural governance as a conceptual framework
The 'manifestation for the re-annexation of Belgium to Congo' : reconfiguring (post)colonial space
[Review of:] Taylor, James. Buddhism and postmodern imaginings in Thailand: the religiosity of urban space. vii, 244 pp., Farnham, Burlington, Vt: Ashgate, 2008.
A Kafkaesque state : deportation and detention in South Africa
Markets and diversity : an overview
Cosmopolitan charismatics? Transnational ways of belonging and cosmopolitan moments in the religious practice of New Mission Churches
Narrating Muslim women’s identities in Cape Town
Commonplace diversity and the ‘ethos of mixing’: perceptions of difference in a London neighbourhood
Trust talk and alienable talk in healing : a problem of medical diversity
[Review of:] Tamil Oratory and the Dravidian Aesthetic : democratic practice in South India. Bernard Bate. NewYork: Columbia University Press, 2009. xxiv + 263 pp.
Labour, leisure, gender and generation : the organisation of 'wan' and the notion of 'gender equality' in contemporary rural China
Missionary encounters at the China-Vietnam border : the case of the Hmong
Cosmopolitanism at work: Labour market exclusion in Singapore's financial sector
[Review of:] Max Weiss. In the Shadow of Sectarianism. Law, Shi‘ism, and the Making of Modern Lebanon. Boston: Harvard University Press, 2010.