Making Tobacco Bright: Creating an American Commodity, 1617-1937
Artists and knowledge in sixteenth-century Milan : the case of Lomazzo’s Accademia de la Val di Blenio
The matter of the page : essays in search of Ancient and Medieval authors
Umar ibn Abī Rabīʿa and Turayya in “Rawdat al-qulūb wa-nuzhat al-muhibb wa-al-mahbūb”
Bruno Rossi and the Racial Laws of Fascist Italy
Ittmann, Karl; Cordell, Dennis D.; Maddox, Gregory H. (eds.): The Demographics of Empire: The Colonial Order and the Creation of Knowledge. Ohio: Ohio University Press 2010, reviewed for H-Soz-u-Kult, 27.09.2011
Russia and Early Modern European Medicine
Making Technology History. Chinese Concepts on the Origins of Things
Lineage populations and socio-economic changes since the Middle Qing Dynasty: a case study of non-Malthusian fertility patterns
Model experts : wax anatomies and enlightenment in Florence and Vienna, 1775-1815
Tibetans, Mongols and Cultural Fusion
Walter Benjamin : a new positiv concept of destruction
The Iliad in a nutshell : visualizing epic on the Tabulae Iliacae
Walther Bothe and Bruno Rossi: The birth and development of coincidence methods in cosmic-ray physics
Janáček's chronoscope
The god market : how globalization is making India more Hindu
Perpetual Motion? Transition and Transformation in Central and Eastern Europe & Russia
The structure of Plato's dialogues and Greek music theory: a response to J. B. Kennedy
Flood conceptions in Vallisneri's thought
Keeping beauty secrets in early modern Iberia
Learning by doing : experiments and instruments in the history of science teaching
Stimulating music : the pleasures and dangers of 'electric music' 1750-1900
Codes of commerce : the uses of business rhetoric in American academia, 1960–2000
Pressed into service : specimens, space, and seeing in botanical practice
Ecomusicology between apocalypse and nostalgia
Matrices, not seeds : Vallisneri's research on mines: between empiricism and philosophy
Walter Benjamin: a new positiv concept of destruction
This compendious language : mathematics in the world of Augustus De Morgan
AfterMath : the work of proof in the age of human-machine collaboration
Abrupt climate change around 1600 Reflected in Nongzheng Quanshu
Secrets and knowledge in medicine and science, 1500- 1800
The art of the body : antiquity and its legacy
Nancy Holt: Sightlines
The piano plague : the nineteenth-century medical critique of female musical education
Bruno Touschek: particle physicist and father of the e(+)e(-) collider
Sixteenth Century Professors of Mathematics at the German University of Helmstedt. A Case Study on Renaissance Scholarly Work and Networks
A Comparative Study of European Nuclear Energy Programs
Membranes Surfaces Boundaries. Interstices in the History of Science, Technology and Culture
Hans-Jörg Rheinberger : a bibliography [Part 1: chronological; Part 2: by publication type]
Microscope Slides – Reassessing a Neglected Historical Ressource
The emergence of Nervennahrung: Nerves, mind and metabolism in the long eighteenth century
From photographic science to scientific photography: Photographic experiments at the British Museum around 1850
The social nature of the mother's tie to the child : John Bowlby's theory of attachment in post-war America
Review of: Hallo, William W.: The world’s oldest literature : studies in Sumerian Belles-Lettres. Leiden [u.a.]: Brill 2010
The cultural logics of map reading : text, time and space in printed maps of the Song empire
Gudea and Ninĝišzida : a ruler and his god
Review of: Leunissen, Mariska: Explanation and teleology in Aristotle’s science of nature, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press 2010
The Text of Apollonius Pictus : a critical transcription
Philosophical rhetoric in early quantum mechanics 1925-27 : high principles, cultural values and professional anxieties
A Victorian theory of the multiverse : ‘The unseen universe’ and the notion of creation
Text versus Image? The illustrated Historia Apollonii : late Antique, Carolingian and Ottonian Times
Ruse and reappropriation in the French eighteenth century : 'La philosophy of the vapours' by C.-J. de B. de Paumerelle
Experimenting with paper instruments in fifteenth- and sixteenth-century astronomy : computing syzygies with isotemporal lines and salt dishes
Hormones of life : endocrinology, the pharmaceutical industry, and the dream of a remedy for sterility, 1930-1970
Observation
Mechanistic slumber vs. statistical insomnia : the early phase of Boltzmann’s H-theorem (1868-1877)
Antisepsis and asepsis : clean surgery
The emergence of 'Nervennahrung' : mind and metabolism in the lonng eighteenth century
U4 du11-ga-ni sá mu-ni-ib-du11 : ancient Near Eastern studies in memory of Blahoslav Hruška
1900 - The Spectatorium : on biology's audiovisual archive
'Silent and alone' : how the ruins of Palenque were taught to speak the language of archaeology
Filing the total human : anthropological archives from 1928 to 1963
Reproductive agency and projects : Germans searching for egg donation in Spain and the Czech Republic
Willibald Pirckheimer and his Greek codices from Buda
Leibniz’s 'analysis situs' and the localization of Monads
History of science and medicine
How to see the trees for the forest : introduction to a special issue on 'Causation and disease'
Review of: Heilbron, J. L.: Galileo. Oxford: Oxford University Press 2010
Review of: Wenkel, Simone and Ute Deichmann (eds): Max Delbrück and Cologne: an early chapter of German molecular biology. New Jersey, NJ [u.a.] : World Scientific 2007
On the very idea of a thought experiment
The chief seat of mischief : soldier’s heart in the First World War
Histories of scientific observation
Apollonius Pictus : an illustrated late antique romance around 1000 ; facsimile edition of the historia Apollonii Regis Tyri (National Széchényi Library, Budapest, Cod. Lat. 4)
Review of: Roberts, Lissa, Simon Schaffer and Peter Dear (eds.): The mindful hand: inquiry and invention from the late Renaissance to early industrialization. Amsterdam: Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences 2007
Visualizing radiation : the photographs of Henri Becquerel
Projection and perfect passivity
On the historicity of scientific objects
Science and faith within reason : reality, creation, life and design
Die Globalisierung des Wissens in der Geschichte
Introduction of geometry and physics in theoretical music in the Renaissance
Hidden entities and experimental practice : renewing the dialogue between history and philosophy of science
Experimental ethics and the science of the meditating brain
From 'Kosmos' to 'Koralle' : on the culture of science reading in Imperial and Weimar Germany
Transplant surgery : diseases and organs, self and non-self
Inducing visibilities : an attempt at Santiago Ramón y Cajal’s aesthetic epistemology
Reforming American physics pedagogy in the 1880s : introducing 'learning by doing' via student laboratory exercises
Vorwort/ Preface
What (good) is historical epistemology?
The arrival of the fittest
Exact experiences and mathematical deductions : physics according to Mariotte
Review of: Matteo Valleriani: Galileo Engineer. Dordrecht: Springer 2010 (Boston studies in the philosophy of science ; 269)
Review of: Freudenthal, Gideon and Peter McLaughlin: The social and economic roots of the scientific revolution: texts by Boris Hessen and Henryk Grossmann. Dordrecht [u.a.]: Springer 2009
Bernardino Baldi's In mechanica Aristotelis problemata exercitationes
Thought experiments in methodological and historical contexts
The subject at rest : novel conceptualizations of self and brain from cognitive neuroscience’s study of the ’resting state’
Enlightening the lifesciences : the history of halobacterial and microbial rhodopsin research
Speakers and language documentation
Bibliometric analysis of fifty years of physica status solidi
Duhem’s continuity thesis : the intrusion of ideology into history of science
Keyhole surgery : through the looking glass
Modern embalming, circulation of fluids, and the voyage through the human arterial system : Carl L. Barnes and the culture of immortality in America
Review of: Needham, Joseph: Science and civilisation in China, vol. 7: The social background, part 2: General conclusions and reflections. Ed. by Kenneth G. Robinson. Cambridge: Cambridge Univ. Press 2004
Review of: Magueijo, João: A brilliant darkness : the extraordinary life and mysterious disappearance of Ettore Majorana, the troubled genius of the nuclear age. New York: Basic Books 2009
Review of: Tomic, Sacha: Aux origines de la chimie organique: méthodes et pratiques des pharmaciens et des chimistes (1785-1835). Rennes: Presses Universitaires 2010
Review of: Hallo, William W.: The world's oldest literature: studies in Sumerian belles-lettres. Leiden [u.a.]: Brill 2010
Introduction: 'Science, faith and reason' versus 'science and religion' : the question of boundaries
Trading luxury glass, picturing collections and consuming objects of knowledge in early senventeenth-century Antwerp
Figure-ground reversals in language
Consistency from the perspective of an experimental systems approach to the sciences and their epistemic objects
Visualizing Piano Playing, 1890–1930
The emergence of the notion of thought experiments
Memory, movies, and the brain
Jeewanu, or the 'particles of life' : the approach of Krishna Bahadur in 20th century origin of life research
Mathematical foundations and physical visions : Pascual Jordan and the field theory program
A grey box : the phonograph in laboratory experiments and fieldwork, 1900-1920
The ‘Landmark’ and ‘Groundwork’ of stars : John Herschel, photography and the drawing of nebulae
On the diversity of human languages constructions... : Spain and the Spaniards in the travel writings of Alexander, Wilhelm and Caroline von Humboldt and their reflections in the Berlin Republic of Letters around 1800
David Origanus’s planetary system (1599 and 1609)
Anticipation in hereditary disease : the history of a biomedical concept
The historiography of perspective and reflexy-const in netherlandish art
Between Raphael and Galileo : Mutio Oddi and the mathematical culture of late Renaissance Italy
Review of: Hoffner, Harry A., Jr.: Letters from the Hittite kingdom. Atlanta: Society of Biblical Literature 2009
Review of: Hunt, Bruce J.: Pursuing power and light: technology and physics from James Watt to Albert Einstein. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press 2010
Review of: Wootton, David: Galileo - watcher of the skies. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press 2010
The challenges and scope of theoretical biology
The keys to knowledge : 19th century textbooks & books on the popularization of science ; exhibition 15 June - 16 July 2011 = Kλειδιά της γνώσης : Διδακτικά εγχειρίδια και βιβλία επιστημονικής εκλαΐκευσης ; Έκθεση
Bibliography of Blahoslav Hruška
Divination or medicine?
Infra-experimentality : from traces to data, from data to patterning facts
'Apology, responsibility, memory' : coming to terms with Nazi medical crimes - The Example of the Max Planck Society
Introduction: Silent messengers : the world of goods and the circulation of knowledge in the early modern Netherlands
A touch of the dramatic
The essential tension : on ethical and historical conundrums in the trajectories of deep brain stimulation
Review of: Wootton, David: Galileo: watcher of the skies. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press 2010
New duplicates of hymn Šulgi A in the Schøyen collection
Saying and doing : speech actions, speech acts and related events
Fertility tourism : circumventive routes that enable access to reproductive technologies and substances
Geometry and theoretical music in the Renaissance
Asceticism and pleasure in German health reform : patients as clients in Wilhelmine Sanatoria
Human persons and human brains : a historical perspective within the Christian tradition
Honoré Fabri and the concept of impetus : a bridge between conceptual frameworks
Inscribing the artifact and inspiring trust : the changing role of markings in the Ming Era
Perfection of the world and mathematics in late sixteenth-century Copernican cosmologies
Review of: De Pace, Anna: Niccolò Copernico e la fondazione del cosmo eliocentrico. Milano: Mondadori 2009
Hip replacement : new for old
Ludwik Fleck : Denkstile und Tatsachen ; gesammelte Schriften und Zeugnisse
Review of: Marr, Alexander: Between Raphael and Galileo. Mutio Oddi and the mathematical culture of late Renaissance Italy. Chicago [u.a.]: The University of Chicago Press 2011
Neurocultures : glimpses into an expanding universe
Asexuality and epigenetic variation
A Nobel for communism. Review of: Josephson, Paul R.: Lenin’s Laureate : Zhores Alferov’s life in communist science. Cambridge, MA [u.a.]: MIT Press 2010
The Mynas codex and the Bibliotheca Corviniana
Early 20th century conventionalismus in Hungary : a case for Gyözö Zemplén' reappreciation
Observation rising : birth of an epistemic genre, 1500-1650
A difficult time with the permit process
Animal writes : historiography, disciplinarity, and the animal trace
Silent messengers : the circulation of material objects of knowledge in the Early Modern Low Countries
From wild lives to wildlife and back
Making sense of essentialism
Bernardino Baldi's In mechanica Aristotelis problemata exercitationes (Versione italiana)
Angular momentum between physics and mathematics
Integrating pragmatism and phenomenology with science and technology studies. Review of: Ihde, Don: Postphenomenology and technoscience: the Peking University lectures. Albany: State Univ. of New York Press 2009
Plenary Agenda Report for Research Group E-II 'Space as transformed in the history of science : historical epistemology of space - experience and theoretical reflection in the historical development of spatial knowledge (Junior Research Group)
Knowledge and text production in an age of print : China, 900 - 1400
Herausforderung Energie : ausgewählte Vorträge der 126. Versammlung der Gesellshaft Deutscher Naturforscher und Ärzte e. V.
One hundred years at the intersection of chemistry and physics : the Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society 1911 - 2011
The sciences of the soul : the early modern origins of psychology