Friedrich Gentz (1764-1832) on Maritime Law: an Unfamiliar Aspect or Counter-Revolutionary Thought in Napoleonic Europe
[Review of: The Inquisition in Colonial Latin America: Selected Writings of Richard E. Greenleaf. Edited by James D. Riley, Berkeley, Calif.: Academy of American Franciscan History, 2010]
[Review of: Sarah Bronwen Horton, The Santa Fe Fiesta, Reinvented: Staking Ethno-Nationalist Claims to a Disappearing Homeland, Santa Fe: School for Advanced Research, 2010]
Evidence law
The Object of Interpretation. Legislation and Competing Normative Sources of Law in Europe During the 16th to 18th Centuries
Cannibal Rights: a note on the modern law of privacy
To Have and to Hold - Driving Licenses as Important Legal Documents for the Normal Course of Life
National and Transnational Legal Evolutions – Teaching History of International Law
El Camino Real de los Tejas, past & present. [Catalog of an exhibition organized by Texas A & M University, the Consulate General of Spain in Houston, and Spain Arts & Culture, and held in the Whitley Suite of the Sterling C. Evans Library, Texas A&M University, from November 2 to November 11, 2011]
(A forthcoming) Doctor's Diary. Honor makes the world go round: German Jurists desperatly seeking for a title
Atomic Energy Law in India: An Analysis
Unification of General Contract Law in Africa: The Case of the UNIDROIT Principles of International Commercial Contracts
The Permanent Imperial Diet in European Context, 1663-1806
Prohibition of Abuse of Law: a New General Principle of EU Law?
Stress Immunity of Dutch Courts – An Empirical Survey
Law, Finances and Politics. The Significance of Economic Contexts for the Formation of Norms
Life and Living in Automobile Societies - from a Legal and Historical Perspective
Green Activism. The European Parliament's Environmental Committee promoting a European Environmental Policy in the 1970s
Lift high the cross? Contrasting the new european and american cases on religious symbols on government property
Judicial Interpretation in Transition from the Ancien Régime to Constitutionalism
The Prohibition of Abuse of Law: An Emerging Principle of EU
Francisco de Vitoria and Alberico Gentili on the Legal Character of the Global Commonwealth
De Gaulle finds his ‘Master’. Gerhard Schröder’s ‘Fairly Audacious Politics’
Sensitive issue of judicial pensions requires calm discussion
The Historical Roots of European Legal Culture
Concepts, models and traditions of a comparative European constitutional history
The Judiciary of the Irish Free State
European Traditions: Integration or Disintegration?
The correspondence of Friedrich von Gentz: The Reception of Du pape in the German-speaking World