Para-hydrogen induced polarization of amino acids, peptides and deuterium-hydrogen gas.
Spire-type actin nucleators cooperate with formin-2 to drive asymmetric oocyte division.
Proteins: histones and chromatin
Architecture of the RNA polymerase–Spt4/5 complex and basis of universal transcription processivity
Local structure of photoexcited bimetallic complexes refined by quantitative XANES analysis.
A cytoplasmic complex mediates specific mRNA recognition and localization in yeast.
The differential modulation of USP activity by internal regulatory domains, interactors and eight ubiquitin chain types.
CVD diamond for spintronics.
The Mre11:Rad50 structure shows an ATP-dependent molecular clamp in DNA double-strand break repair.
In-situ preparation of poly(2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate)-titania hybrids using γ-radiation.
The phase (trans)formation and physical state of a model drug in mesoscopic confinement.
GPU accelerated biochemical network simulation.
Dynamic transcriptome analysis measures rates of mRNA synthesis and decay in yeast
Structural basis of initial RNA polymerase II transcription
Plasmon single- and multi-quantum excitation in free metal clusters as seen by photoelectron spectroscopy.
The influence of the local structure of Fe(III) on the photocatalytic activity of doped TiO2 photocatalysts-An EXAFS, XPS and Mossbauer spectroscopic study.
Real-time detection of polymerization reactions with hyperpolarized xenon at low magnetic fields.
Structure calculation from unambiguous long-range amide and methyl 1H−1H distance restraints for a microcrystalline protein with MAS solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Cover picture: Proton-detected solid-state NMR spectroscopy of fibrillar and membrane proteins.
Structure and VP16 binding of the Mediator Med25 activator interaction domain
Structural basis of RNA polymerase II backtracking, arrest and reactivation
Different binding properties and function of CXXC zinc finger domains in Dnmt1 and Tet1.
Protein sequence comparison and fold recognition: progress and good-practice benchmarking.
Visualizing biochemical activities in living cells through chemistry.
Increase of both order and disorder in the first hydration shell with increasing solute polarity.
A traveling wave decelerator for neutral polar molecules.
A SEM, EDX and XAS characterization of Ba(II)Fe(III) layered double hydroxides.
Photoinduced charge carrier dynamics of Zn-porphyrin-TiO2 electrodes: The key role of charge recombination for solar cell performance.
Proton-detected solid-state NMR spectroscopy of fibrillar and membrane proteins.
An actin-dependent mechanism for long-range vesicle transport.
Direct observation of Young's double-slit interferences in vibrationally resolved photoionization of diatomic molecules.
A conserved GA element in TATA-less RNA polymerase II promoters.
Modus operandi of controlled release from mesoporous matrices: A theoretical perspective.
Suppression of nonadiabatic losses of molecules from chip-based microtraps.
A conformational switch underlies ClpP protease function
An electrostatic elliptical mirror for neutral polar molecules.
A conserved GA element in TATA-less RNA polymerase II promoters
Mechanism of USP7/HAUSP activation by its C-terminal ubiquitin-like domain and allosteric regulation by GMP-synthetase.
Side-chain to backbone correlations from solid-state NMR of perdeuterated proteins through combined excitation and long-range magnetization transfers.
Systematic phosphorylation analysis of human mitotic protein complexes.
Bulk cytoplasmic actin and its functions in meiosis and mitosis.
Structural changes accompanying interfacial charge transfer between Dye/TIO2 nanopartiles studied by transient X-rax absorption spectroscopy.
Detection of transmitter release from single living cells using conducting polymer microelectrodes.
Electric-field sensing using single diamond spins.
Switchable fluorophores for protein labeling in living cells.
A combined small- and wide-angle x-ray scattering detector for measurements on reactive systems.
Selective drug trace detection with low-field NMR.
Understanding controlled drug release from mesoporous silicates: Theory and experiment.
Intracellular transport by an anchored homogeneously contracting F-actin meshwork.
Inversion of pore size dependence of solute transport kinetics from increasingly attractive ordered porous matrix.
Fast, scalable generation of high-quality protein multiple sequence alignments using Clustal Omega.
Iwr1 directs RNA polymerase II nuclear import
Mediator head subcomplex Med11/22 contains a common helix bundle building block with a specific function in transcription initiation complex stabilization
Evolution of two modes of intrinsic RNA polymerase transcript cleavage
Driving rotational transitions in molecules on a chip.
Structure of human mitochondrial RNA polymerase
Molecular basis of Rrn3-regulated RNA polymerase I initiation and cell growth
Sensitivity enhancement of liquid-state NMR and improvement of the INPHARMA method.
FRET imaging by kt/kf.
Test
Allostery in nuclear export: A hybrid methods approach.
Paramagnetic lanthanide tagging for NMR conformational analyses of N-linked oligosaccharides.
Structure and dynamics of proteins under force.
A new class of reversibly switchable fluorescent proteins.
Vesicular transport of D-serine in astrocytes.
Modifications of ribosomal RNA: From enzymes to function.
Catena-Poly[copper(II)-{μ3-4,4′-di­bromo-2,2′-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilo­methanyl­yl­­idene)]diphenolato-κ4N,O:N′,O′:O′}].
Dynamic nuclear polarization in liquids.
Multivalent chelator lipids for targeting proteins into membrane nanodomains.
The guanine nucleotide exchange factor vav2 acts as an adaptor for parathyroid hormone receptor signaling.
IFN-alpha production by plasmacytoid dendritic cells stimulated with RNA-containing immune complexes is promoted by NK cells via MIP-1 beta and LFA-1.
Functional role of ribosomal RNA methylation.
Structure determination of dynamic macromolecular complexes by single particle cryo-EM.
Development of dynamic nuclear polarization in liquids at 0.35 T and 3.5 T for high-resolution NMR.
Biophysics of membrane lipidomics.
Sequential phosphorylation of SLP-76 at tyrosine 173 is required for activation of T and mast cells.
The Caenorhabditis elegans GARP complex contains the conserved Vps51 subunit and is required to maintain lysosomal morphology.
Sumoylation inhibits alpha-synuclein aggregation and toxicity.
Unraveling the structure of monomeric and fibrilized 441-residue tau with NMR spectroscopy.
On the temperature dependence of the thermal electron attachment to SF6, SF55Cl, and POCl3
Adrenal glucocorticoids as a target for jet lag therapies.
A size barrier limits protein diffusion at the cell surface to generate lipid-rich myelin-membrane sheets.
Catena-Poly[copper(II)-{μ3-4,4′-di­chloro-2,2′-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilo­methanyl­yl­­idene)]diphenolato-κ4N,O:N′,O′:O′}].
Sharper low-power STED nanoscopy by time gating.
A readily retrievable pool of synaptic vesicles.
Comment on “Molecular selectivity in aquaporin channels studied by the 3D-RISM theory”
Role of Arg82 in the early steps of the bacteriorhodopsin proton-pumping cycle.
Dystrophin orchestrates the epigenetic profile of muscle cells via miRNAs.
Synthesis, crystal structures and magnetic properties of dinuclear copper(II) compounds with NNO tridentate Schiff base ligands and bridging aliphatic diamine and aromatic diimine linkers.
Mapping the conformational dynamics and pathways of spontaneous steric zipper peptide oligomerization.
Semiquantitative proteomic analysis of the human spliceosome via a novel two-dimensional gel electrophoresis method.
STED nanoscopy with mass-produced laser diodes.
A dual-mode microwave resonator for double electron–electron spin resonance spectroscopy at W-band microwave frequencies.
HSPC117 is the essential subunit of a human tRNA splicing ligase complex.
Photoswitchable water-soluble quantum dots: pcFRET based on amphiphilic photochromic polymer coating.
Saturation factor of nitroxide radicals in liquid DNP by pulsed ELDOR experiments.
Tctex-1, a novel interaction partner of Rab3D, is required for osteoclastic bone resorption.
Kinetic analysis of protein aggregation monitored by real-time 2D solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Synthesis and characterization of pseudocantharidins, novel phosphatase modulators that promote the inclusion of exon 7 into the SMN (survival of motoneuron) pre-mRNA.
Ion selectivity in channels and transporters.
Different substrate-dependent transition states in the active site of the ribosome.
Evolutionary optimization of speed and accuracy of decoding on the ribosome.
Residual dipolar coupling enhanced NMR spectroscopy and chiroptics: A powerful combination for the complete elucidation of symmetrical small molecules.
Simulations and experiments: How close can we get?
Spontaneous aggregation of fibril-forming peptides studied by molecular dynamics simulations.
Steering excited state dynamics of biological chromophores by external electric fields.
Spliceosome structure and function.
Mass-spectrometric analysis of proteins cross-linked to 4-thio-uracil- and 5-bromo-uracil-substituted RNA.
How do aminoadamantanes block the influenza M2 channel, and how does resistance develop?
Optical analysis of synaptic vesicle protein molecules during exo- and endocytosis using pH-switchable fluorescent probes.
Dual function of Sdh3 in the respiratory chain and TIM22 protein translocase of the mitochondrial inner membrane.
Reliable Drosophila body fat quantification by a coupled colorimetric assay.
Structural basis for the dual U4 and U4atac snRNA-binding specificity of spliceosomal protein hPrp31.
Tinkering with nature.
Nanoscale distribution of mitochondrial import receptor Tom20 is adjusted to cellular conditions and exhibits an inner-cellular gradient.
Confocal fluorescence anisotropy and FRAP imaging of alpha-synuclein amyloid aggregates in living cells.
Suspended microchannel resonators with piezoresistive sensors.
Conserved core of amyloid fibrils of wild type and A30P mutant alpha-synuclein.
Neuroligin-4 is localized to glycinergic postsynapses and regulates inhibition in the retina.
A high-resolution anatomical atlas of the transcriptome in the mouse embryo.
MicroRNA dependent regulation of the microenvironment and the epithelial stromal cell interactions in the mouse mammary gland.
Neuropeptide precursor gene discovery in the Chagas disease vector Rhodnius prolixus.
13C spin dilution for simplified and complete solid-state NMR resonance assignment of insoluble biological assemblies.
Computational Electrophysiology: The molecular dynamics of ion channel Permeation and selectivity in atomistic detail.
Ultrafast excited state dynamics and spectroscopy of 13,13'-diphenyl-β-carotene.
TOPP: A novel nitroxide-labeled amino acid for EPR distance measurements.
Diffraction-unlimited all-optical imaging and writing with a photochromic GFP.
Agarose hydrogel microcompartments for imaging sleep- and wake-like behavior and nervous system development in Caenorhabditis elegans larvae.
Parallelized STED fluorescence nanoscopy.
Hyperthermic seizures and aberrant cellular homeostasis in Drosophila dystrophic muscles.
Functional proteomics of neuropeptidome dynamics during the feeding process of Rhodnius prolixus.
ftz Evolution: Findings, hypotheses and speculations.
The draft genome of Planococcus donghaensis MPA1U2 reveals nonsporulation pathways controlled by a conserved Spo0A regulon.
The B-cell antigen receptor signals through a preformed transducer module of SLP65 and CIN85.
Contrast sensitivity and retinal ganglion cell responses in the primate.
Elucidation of the function of proteins at the second catalytic step of the pre-mRNA splicing reaction.
Genetic and crystallographic approaches to investigating ribosome structure and function.
Structures behind the amyloid aggregation of alpha-synuclein: an NMR based approach.
New insights into the mechanism of mechanical regulation on thiol/disulfide exchange.
Atomistic simulation of single molecule fluorescence experiments: FRET beyond kappa(2)=2/3.
Causal therapy of prion and Parkinson's disease with novel inhibitors of protein aggregation.
Exosomal shielding of B-cell lymphoma from humoral immunotherapy.
Energy transfer at metal surfaces beyond the Born-Oppenheimer approximation.
Inversion formulas for a cylindrical Radon transform.
Molecular dynamics simulations of ribosomal translocation based on cryo-EM data.
Identification and characterization of genes involved in tracheal liquid clearance of Drosophila melanogaster.
Light microscopic analysis of mitochondrial heterogeneity in cell populations and within single cells.
Time-resolved structure determinations in low-periodic systems.
A small pool of vesicles maintains synaptic activity in vivo.
Recycling, clustering, and endocytosis jointly maintain PIN auxin carrier polarity at the plasma membrane.
The reserve pool of synaptic vesicles acts as a buffer for proteins involved in synaptic vesicle recycling.
STED nanoscopy reveals molecular details of cholesterol- and cytoskeleton-modulated lipid interactions in living cells.
Transient (000)-order attenuation effects in ultrafast transmission electron diffraction.
Structure of the Lassa virus nucleoprotein revealed by X-ray crystallography, small-angle X-ray scattering, and electron microscopy.
Chromatin affinity purification and quantitative mass spectrometry defining the interactome of histone modification patterns.
Predicting tandemly arrayed gene duplicates with WebScipio.
Cys-Ph-TAHA: A lanthanide binding tag for RDC and PCS enhanced protein NMR.
Chromatin regulated interchange between polycomb repressive complex 2 (PRC2)-Ezh2 and PRC2-Ezh1 complexes controls myogenin activation in skeletal muscle cells.
An iterative two-threshold analysis for single-subject functional MRI of the human brain.
Cross-species protein sequence and gene structure prediction with fine-tuned Webscipio 2.0 and Scipio.
Molecular beam studies of energy transfer in molecule surface interactions.
Tim50's presequence receptor domain is essential for signal driven transport across the TIM23 complex.
Mdm38 is a 14-3-3-like receptor and associates with the protein synthesis machinery at the inner mitochondrial membrane.
Dual role of mitofilin in mitochondrial membrane organization and protein biogenesis.
Effect of zinc binding on beta-amyloid structure and dynamics: Implications for a beta aggregation.
Structural characterization of polyglutamine fibrils by solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Synaptotagmin10-Cre, a driver to disrupt clock genes in the SCN.
Toward the discovery of effective polycyclic inhibitors of alpha-Synuclein amyloid assembly.
Modeling the growth of fingerprints improves matching for adolescents.
Analyses of fruit flies that do not express selenoproteins or express the mouse selenoprotein, methionine sulfoxide reductase B1, reveal a role of selenoproteins in stress resistance.
Differential gene expression in migratory streams of cortical interneurons.
Arx and Nkx2.2 compound deficiency redirects pancreatic alpha- and beta-cell differentiation to a somatostatin/ghrelin co-expressing cell lineage.
Energy dissipation in microfluidic beam resonators: Effect of Poisson's ratio.
The dynamic structure of filamentous tau.
Kinetics of conformational sampling in ubiquitin.
Oxygen depletion in dense molecular clouds: a clue to a low O-2 abundance?
Mutual capture of dipolar molecules at low and very low energies. II. Numerical study.
Enzymatic labeling of 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in DNA
Communication: Bubbles, crystals, and laser-induced nucleation.
Amyloid precursor protein is trafficked and secreted via synaptic vesicles.
Interaction between axons and specific populations of surrounding cells is indispensable for collateral formation in the mammillary system.
Ca(2+)-signaling, alternative splicing and endoplasmic reticulum stress responses.
Photodecarbonylation of diphenylcyclopropenone - A direct pathway to electronically excited diphenylacetylene?
Interactions of α-Synuclein with lipids and artificial membranes monitored by ESIPT probes.
Isolation and characterization of synaptic vesicles from mouse brain.
The contribution of the Drosophila model to lipid droplet research.
Author response: Frequency-doubling technology and parasol cells.
Extracellular phosphorylation of the amyloid beta-peptide promotes formation of toxic aggregates during the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease.
Interaction of beta-sheet folds with a gold surface.
Complex phosphorylation dynamics control the composition of the Syk interactome in B cells.
The 11(th) meeting of the european calcium society.
Multifrequency electron paramagnetic resonance characterization of PpoA, a CYP450 fusion protein that catalyzes fatty acid dioxygenation.
Munc18-1 tuning of vesicle merger and fusion pore properties.
The thermal dissociation/recombination reaction of hydrogen peroxide H2O2(+M) double left right arrow 2OH(+M) III. Analysis and representation of the temperature and pressure dependence over wide ranges.
Generation of knockout mice expressing a GFP-reporter under the control of the Lmx1a locus.
Velocity-dependent mechanical unfolding of bacteriorhodopsin is governed by a dynamic interaction network.
Exploring the structural details of Cu(I) binding to alpha-synuclein by NMR spectroscopy.
Quantifying the breakdown of the Born-Oppenheimer approximation in surface chemistry.
HP1 recruits activity-dependent neuroprotective protein to H3K9me3 marked pericentromeric heterochromatin for silencing of major satellite repeats.
Flanking genes of an essential gene give information about the evolution of metazoa.
Probing the functional equivalence of otoferlin and synaptotagmin 1 in exocytosis.
Two-photon study on the electronic interactions between the first excited singlet states in carotenoid-tetrapyrrole dyads.
Stress and muscular dystrophy: A genetic screen for Dystroglycan and Dystrophin interactors in Drosophila identifies cellular stress response components.
Fluorescence nanoscopy of single DNA molecules by using stimulated emission depletion (STED).
Dual fluorescence and ultrafast intramolecular charge transfer with 6-N,N-dialkylaminopurines. A two-state model.
RACK1 is a novel interaction partner of PTK7 that is required for neural tube closure.
Real-time magnetic resonance imaging of temporomandibular joint dynamics.
Crystal structure of the autochaperone region from the Shigella flexneri autotransporter IcsA.
Concentration effects on the dynamics of liquid crystalline self-assembly: Time-resolved X-ray scattering studies.
Integrated analysis of the conformation of a protein-linked spin label by crystallography, EPR and NMR spectroscopy.
Estimating orientational water entropy at protein interfaces.
Understanding the molecular machinery of aquaporins through molecular dynamics simulations.
Fluorescence correlation spectroscopy in vivo.
4-Bromo-2-[(E)-(4-chlorophenyl)iminomethyl]phenol.
Ultrafast photoinduced relaxation dynamics of the indoline dye D149 in organic solvents.
One-pot, three-component synthesis of novel δ-sultam scaffolds via N-sulfonylation—intramolecular Michael sequences.
(E,E)-N1,N2-Bis(2,6-di­fluoro­benzyl­idene)ethane-1,2-di­amine.
(Furan-2-yl)(5-hy-droxy-3-methyl-5-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazol-1-yl)methanone.
Circadian clocks in mouse and human CD4+ T cells.
{2,2′-[(2,2-Di­methylpropane-1,3-diyl­di­nitrilo)bis­(phenylmethyl­idyne)]di­phenolato}copper(II).
Molecular mechanism of selenocysteine incorporation in bacterial translation.
Responses of primate retinal ganglion cells to perimetric stimuli.
Programmable array microscope imaging of living cells and spin-off to tumor diagnostics.
Investigation of the structure and function of the spliceosomal 220K/Prp8 protein, GGNB.
Causal therapy of Parkinson's disease with anle138b, a novel protein aggregation inhibitor.
FRET approaches to signal transduction: from QD biosensors to live-cell EGFR signaling.
Water adsorption isotherms of lipids.
Dynamics of the glycosidic bond: Conformational space of lactose.
Ran-dependent nuclear export mediators: A structural perspective.
Genetic interaction of Per1 and Dec1/2 in the regulation of circadian locomotor activity.
Primordial neurosecretory apparatus identified in the choanoflagellate Monosiga brevicollis.
FT-IR, UV-vis, (1)H and (13)C NMR spectra and the equilibrium structure of organic dye molecule disperse red 1 acrylate: A combined experimental and theoretical analysis.
Optic atrophy 1 is an A-kinase anchoring protein on lipid droplets that mediates adrenergic control of lipolysis.
The residual method for regularizing ill-posed problems.
Preparation of RSn(I)-Sn(I)R with two unsymmetrically coordinated Sn(I) atoms and subsequent gentle activation of P(4).
Far-field optical nanoscopy with reduced number of state transition cycles.
Creation and nature of optical centres in diamond for single-photon emission—overview and critical remarks.
Fc gamma receptor IIb modulates the molecular Grb2 interaction network in activated B cells.
Molecular epigenetics: Connecting human biology and disease with little marks.
Pivotal surfaces in inverse hexagonal and cubic phases of phospholipids and glycolipids.
7SK small nuclear RNA directly affects HMGA1 function in transcription regulation.
Phosphorylation of human Argonaute proteins affects small RNA binding.
Pure α-metallated benzyllithium from a single-crystal-to-single-crystal transition.
Transmembrane domain peptide/peptide nucleic acid hybrid as a model of a SNARE protein in vesicle fusion.
Counting the SNAREs needed for membrane fusion.
Viscosity dependence of intramolecular excimer formation with 1,5-bis(1-pyrenylcarboxy)pentane in alkane solvents as a function of temperature.
Post-translational phosphorylation of serine 74 of human deoxycytidine kinase favors the enzyme adopting the open conformation making it competent for nucleoside binding and release.
Structure and dynamics of triazole-linked DNA: Biocompatibility explained.
Functions of elongation factor G in translocation and ribosome recycling.
Ribosomes: Structure, Function, and Dynamics.
Structural analysis of large protein complexes using solvent paramagnetic relaxation enhancements.
Controlling the photoreactivity of the photoactive yellow protein chromophore by substituting at the p-coumaric acid group.
Keep it flexible: Driving macromolecular rotary motions in atomistic simulations with GROMACS.
On the temperature dependence of electronically non-adiabatic vibrational energy transfer in molecule-surface collisions.
Functional MRI indicates consistent intra-digit topographic maps in the little but not the index finger within the human primary somatosensory cortex.
relaxGUI: a new software for fast and simple NMR relaxation data analysis and calculation of ps-ns and mu s motion of proteins.
Constant pH molecular dynamics in explicit solvent with lambda-dynamics.
Segregation of chromatic and luminance signals using a novel grating stimulus.
New genetic mouse models for neurodegenerative diseases: Contribution of noradrenaline to Alzheimer’s disease pathogenesis and creation of a new genetic model for Parkinson’s disease.
Metabolic synchronization of the liver circadian clock.
Predicting mutually exclusive spliced exons based on exon length, splice site and reading frame conservation, and exon sequence homology.
Molecular profiling of presynaptic docking sites.
Determining equilibrium constants for dimerization reactions from molecular dynamics simulations.
Inside insight to membrane fusion.
Presynaptic Ca2+ influx and vesicle exocytosis at the mouse endbulb of Held: A comparison of two auditory nerve terminals.
Testing the applicability of Nernst-Planck theory in ion channels: Comparisons with Brownian dynamics simulations.
A few immobilized thrombins are sufficient for platelet spreading.
Cxcl12 evolution - subfunctionalization of a ligand through altered interaction with the chemokine receptor.
A dual role of H4K16 acetylation in the establishment of yeast silent chromatin.
Lipid composition modulates the interaction of peptides deriving from herpes simplex virus type I glycoproteins B and H with biomembranes.
Anharmonic infrared spectra from short QM/MM simulations.
Structural impact of proline-directed pseudophosphorylation at AT8, AT100, and PHF1 epitopes on 441-residue tau.
Electron attachment to POCl(3). II. Dependence of the attachment rate coefficients on gas and electron temperature.
A holistic phylogeny of the coronin gene family reveals an ancient origin of the tandem-coronin, defines a new subfamily, and predicts protein function.
Towards computional specificity screening of DNA-binding proteins.
New Dystrophin/Dystroglycan interactors control neuron behavior in Drosophila eye.
Aqua­chloridobis(2-eth­­oxy-6-formyl­phenolato-κ2O1,O6)chromium(III) aceto­nitrile hemisolvate.
(E,E)-N1,N4-Bis(2,6-di­fluoro­benzyl­idene)butane-1,4-di­amine.
Assembly of cyclometalated platinum(II) complexes via 1,1′- bis(diphenylphosphino)ferrocene ligand: Kinetics and mechanisms.
4,4′-Dimeth­­oxy-2,2′-[2,2-di­methyl­propane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]diphenol.
Synthesis, structure and photophysical properties of binuclear methylplatinum complexes containing cyclometalating 2-phenylpyridine or benzo{h}quinoline ligands: A comparison of intramolecular Pt–Pt and π–π interactions.
Genetic interaction of Per and Dec genes in the mammalian circadian clock.
A mollification approach for inverting the spherical mean Radon transform.
Imaging membrane heterogeneities and domains by super-resolution STED nanoscopy.
The molecular architecture and structure of the human Prp19/CDC5L complex and 355 U5 sn-RNP.
Advanced light-entrained activity onsets and restored free-running suprachiasmatic nucleus circadian rhythms in Per2/Dec mutant mice.
Computational electrophysiology: The molecular dynamics of ion channel permeation and selectivity in atomistic detail.
Mass sensors with mechanical traps for weighing single cells in different fluids.
Two-color nanoscopy of three-dimensional volumes by 4Pi detection of stochastically switched fluorophores.
Computational studies of the x-ray scattering properties of laser aligned stilbene.
Three-dimensional reconstruction of Trypanosoma brucei editosomes using single-particle electron microscopy.
Bijvoet in solution reveals unexpected stereoselectivity in a Michael addition.
Vibrationally promoted electron emission at a metal surface: electron kinetic energy distributions.
Visual pathways and psychophysical channels in the primate.
A decade of debate: Significance of CO2 permeation through membrane channels still controversial.
Caught in the act: Visualization of SNARE-mediated fusion events in molecular detail.
Histone methylation by PRC2 is inhibited by active chromatin marks.
Synthesis of photochromic compounds for aqueous solutions and focusable light.
Inventory control: Cytochrome c oxidase assembly regulates mitochondrial translation.
Super-resolution microscopy reveals that mammalian mitochondrial nucleoids have a uniform size and frequently contain a single copy of mtDNA.
Pressure and temperature dependence of dissociative and non-dissociative electron attachment to CF3: Experiments and kinetic modeling.
Revisiting falloff curves of thermal unimolecular reactions.
A novel rearrangement of cyclic glutamine derivatives: Ring contraction in 3,6-diamino-2,3,4,5-tetrahydropyridin-2-ones to yield 5-iminoproline amides.
In vivo imaging of intersynaptic vesicle exchange using VGLUT1(Venus) knock-in mice.
Structural heterogeneity and quantitative FRET efficiency distributions of polyprolines through a hybrid atomistic simulation and Monte Carlo approach.
Real-time phase-contrast MRI of cardiovascular blood flow using undersampled radial fast low-angle shot and nonlinear inverse reconstruction.
B cell receptor-mediated antigen gathering requires ubiquitin ligase Cbl and adaptors Grb2 and Dok-3 to recruit dynein to the signaling microcluster.
A reversibly photoswitchable GFP-like protein with fluorescence excitation decoupled from switching.
Single marker switching nanoscopy with 4Pi detection: Superior nanometric 3D resolution.
Exosomal evasion of humoral immunotherapy in aggressive B-cell lymphoma modulated by ATP-binding cassette transporter A3.
MicroRNA-449 in cell fate determination.
Pabp binds to the osk 3'UTR and specifically contributes to osk mRNA stability and oocyte accumulation.
Pre-fibrillar alpha-Synuclein mutants cause Parkinson's disease-like non-motor symptoms in Drosophila.
RIM-binding protein, a central part of the active zone, is essential for neurotransmitter release.
Indirect DNA readout by an H-NS related protein: Structure of the DNA complex of the C-terminal domain of Ler.
Two-color STED microscopy of living synapses using a single laser-beam pair.
Photoprotection in plants involves a change in Lutein 1 binding domain in the major light-harvesting complex of photosystem II.
Lethal mutants and truncated selection together solve a paradox of the origin of life.
Weak long-range correlated motions in a surface patch of ubiquitin involved in molecular recognition.
Challenge of large-scale motion for residual dipolar coupling based analysis of configuration: The case of fibrosterol sulfate A.
Progress in correlation spectroscopy at ultra-fast magic-angle spinning: Basic building blocks and complex experiments for the study of protein structure and dynamics.
VAMP3 is associated with endothelial Weibel-Palade bodies and participates in their Ca2+-dependent exocytosis.
Calcium waves in Warszawa.
The human Pat1b protein: a novel mRNA deadenylation factor identified by a new immunoprecipitation technique.
Electron kinetic energies from vibrationally promoted surface exoemission: Evidence for a vibrational autodetachment mechanism.
Energy transfer at metal surfaces: The need to go beyond the electronic friction picture.
Aminoacyl-tRNA-charged eukaryotic elongation factor 1A is the bona fide substrate for legionella pneumophila effector glucosyltransferases.
Torsional elasticity and energetics of F-1-ATPase.
Ca2+ induces clustering of membrane proteins in the plasma membrane via electrostatic interactions.
Computer simulations of structure-activity relationships for hERG channel blockers.
Basal cerebral blood volume during the poststimulation undershoot in BOLD MRI of the human brain.
High-throughput analysis of gene expression on tissue sections by in situ hybridization.
The cryo-EM structure of a complete 30S translation initiation complex from Escherichia coli.
On the interaction of methyl azide (CH3N3) ices with ionizing radiation: Formation of methanimine (CH2NH), hydrogen cyanide (HCN), and hydrogen isocyanide (HNC).
The importance of NO(+)(H(2)O)(4) in the conversion of NO(+)(H(2)O)(n) to H(3)O(+)(H(2)O)(n): I. Kinetics measurements and statistical rate modeling.
Dual-label STED nanoscopy of living cells using photochromism.
Synthesis and structural study of bis-perfluoropyridyl bridged by 1,4 and 1,2 dihydropyridine.
(E)-5-[(3-Ethoxy-2-hydroxybenzylidene)amino]-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2(3H)-thione
(E)-5-[(2-Hydroxy-3-methoxybenzylidene)amino]-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2(3H) -thione.
(E)-5-[(2-Hy­dr­oxy-5-meth­­oxy­benzyl­­idene)amino]-1,3,4-thia­diazole-2(3H)-thione.
5-[(E)-(5-Bromo-2-hy­dr­oxy­benzyl­­idene)amino]-1,3,4-thia­diazole-2(3H)-thione.
{5,5′-Bis(di­ethyl­amino)-2,2′-[(2,2-di­methyl­propane-1,3-di­yl)bis­­(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]diphenolato}dioxido­molybdenum(VI).
Synthesis, characterization, X-ray structural analysis, and iodination ability of benzyl(triphenyl)phosphonium dichloroiodate.
Structural and functional characterization of the autophagy proteins Atg5 and Atg16L1 and their interaction partners.
Generation-3 programmable array microscope (PAM) with digital micro-mirror device (DMD).
Membrane docking of the C2 domain from protein kinase C alpha as seen by polarized ATR-IR. The role of PIP2.
Zwitterionic Si-C-Si-P and Si-P-Si-P four-membered rings with two-coordinate phosphorus atoms.
One pot synthesis of Cu(II) 2,2′-bipyridyl complexes of 5-hydroxy-hydurilic acid and alloxanic acid: Synthesis, crystal structure, chemical nuclease activity and cytotoxicity.
The ribosome as a molecular machine: The mechanism of tRNA–mRNA movement in translocation.
CLC-3 spices up GABAergic synaptic vesicles.
Specificity and kinetics of α-synuclein binding to model membranes determined with fluorescent excited state intramolecular proton transfer (ESIPT) probe.
Spatially encoded phase-contrast MRI-3D MRI movies of 1D and 2D structures at millisecond resolution.
Electron capture by polarizable dipolar targets: Numerical and analytically approximated capture probabilities.
Synaptotagmin-1 may be a distance regulator acting upstream of SNARE nucleation.
Synaptic vesicles studied by dynamic light scattering.
Fluorescence cross-correlation spectroscopy reveals mechanistic insights into the effect of 2 '-O-methyl modified siRNAs in living cells.
Electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy measures the distance between the external β-strands of folded α-synuclein in amyloid fibrils.
Diffraction unlimited all-optical recording of electron spin resonances.
Spin-echo EPR of Na,K-ATPase unfolding by urea.
Nanoscopy in a living multicellular organism expressing GFP.
The structure elucidation of isomalyngamide K from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula by experimental and DFT computational methods.
Curvature-dependent elastic properties of liquid-ordered domains result in inverted domain sorting on uniaxially compressed vesicles.
Stress induced subcellular distribution of ALG-2, RBM22 and hS1u7.
Drosophila tao controls mushroom body development and ethanol-stimulated behavior through par-1.
Revisiting the central dogma one molecule at a time.
Temporal frequency and chromatic processing in humans: An fMRI study of the cortical visual areas.
Reply to: MRI resolution enhancement: How useful are shifted images obtained by changing the demodulation frequency?
diArk 2.0 provides detailed analyses of the ever increasing eukaryotic genome sequencing data.
Residual chemical shift anisotropy (RCSA): A tool for the analysis of the configuration of small molecules.
Aquaporin-9 protein is the primary route of hepatocyte glycerol uptake for glycerol gluconeogenesis in mice.
Ouabain binding site in a functioning Na(+)/K(+) ATPase.
STED nanoscopy of actin dynamics in synapses deep inside living brain slices.
Mechanisms of decoding and peptide bond formation.
Flexible microdomain specific staining of block copolymers for 3D optical nanoscopy.
Presence and absence of excited state intramolecular charge transfer with the six isomers of dicyano-N,N-dimethylaniline and dicyano-(N-methyl-N-isopropyl)aniline.
Electric birefringence at small angles from crossed position: Enhanced sensitivity and special effects.
Functional properties and Ca2-dependent feedback modulation of voltage-gated Ca2 channels in glutamatergic nerve terminals of the mammalian auditory brainstem.
H3K9me2/3 binding of the MBT domain protein LIN-61 is essential for Caenorhabditis elegans vulva development.
Interaction between amyloid beta peptide and an aggregation blocker peptide mimicking islet amyloid polypeptide.
Protein scaffolds in the coupling of synaptic exocytosis and endocytosis.
Electron attachment to POCl3. III. Measurement and kinetic modeling of branching fractions.
Distortion of tRNA upon near-cognate codon recognition on the ribosome.
A novel hybrid gene prediction method employing protein multiple sequence alignments.
The Dsl1 protein tethering complex is a resident endoplasmic reticulum complex, which interacts with five soluble NSF (N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor) attachment protein receptors (SNAREs) implications for fusion and fusion regulation.
Codon adaptation-based control of protein expression in C. elegans.
Simultaneous multi-lifetime multi-color STED imaging for colocalization analyses.
Ecdysteroids affect Drosophila ovarian stem cell niche formation and early germline differentiation.
SNARE derived peptide mimic inducing membrane fusion.
Differential endocytosis and signaling dynamics of insulin receptor variants IR-A and IR-B.
The 11(th) Meeting of the European Calcium Society.
Membrane protein sequestering by ionic protein–lipid interactions.
Ultrafast pump/probe diffraction and spectroscopy experiments with FEL radiation: setup development from the soft to the hard x-rays with the aim of studying chemical processes.
The mode of α-synuclein binding to membranes depends on lipid composition and lipid to protein ratio.
Highly efficient FRET from a single nitrogen-vacancy center in nanodiamonds to a single organic molecule.
Epigenetics in C. elegans: Facts and challenges.
The structure of helix 89 of 23S rRNA is important for peptidyl transferase function of Escherichia coli ribosome.
Promiscuity of carbonic anhydrase II. Unexpected ester hydrolysis of carbohydrate-based sulfamate inhibitors.
Probing essential nucleobase functional groups in aptamers and deoxyribozymes by nucleotide analogue interference mapping of DNA.
Filtration at the microfluidic level: Enrichment of nanoparticles by tunable filters.
Reduced activity of a sensory neuron during a sleep-like state in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Photoionization of CH3N3 produces 3B2 N3-: A theoretical and experimental study of the ion-pair channel.
Mimicking a SURF1 allele reveals uncoupling of cytochrome c oxidase assembly from translational regulation in yeast.
Two synaptobrevin molecules are sufficient for vesicle fusion in central nervous system synapses.
Toward a predictive understanding of slow methyl group dynamics in proteins.
A special pair of phytohormones controls excitability, slow closure, and external stomach formation in the Venus flytrap.
Model-based nonlinear inverse reconstruction for T2 mapping using highly undersampled spin-echo MRI.
Correlated and further dynamics in proteins by NMR spectroscopy.
The integrated density of states of the random graph Laplacian.
4-Bromo-2-[(E)-(4-fluorophenyl)iminomethyl]phenol.
Organoplatinum(II) complexes containing chelating or bridging bis(N-heterocyclic carbene) ligands: Formation of a platinum(II) carbonate complex by aerial CO2 fixation.
{4,4′-Di­chloro-2,2′-[2,2-di­methyl­propane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilo­methanyl­yl­idene)]diphenolato-κ4O,N,N′,O′}nickel(II).
Chlorido(1H-imidazole-κN3)bis­­(tri­phenyl­phosphane-κP)copper(I).
{2,2′-[(2,2-Di­methyl­propane-1,3-diyl­di­nitrilo)­bis­­(phenyl­methyl­­idyne)]­diphenolato}nickel(II).
3,3′-Dimeth­­oxy-2,2′-[(4,5-di­methyl-o-phenyl­ene)bis­­(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]diphenol.