Metabolomics and proteomics identify the toxic form and the associated cellular binding targets of the anti-proliferative drug AICAR.
Bisnorgammacerane traces predatory pressure and the persistent rise of algal ecosystems after Snowball Earth.
Electron transfer mediates vibrational relaxation of CO in collisions with Ag(111).
A novel type of influenza A virus-derived defective interfering particle with nucleotide substitutions in its genome.
Nuclear spin singlet states in photoactive molecules: From fluorescence/NMR bimodality to a bimolecular switch for spin singlet states
A molecular mechanism for transthyretin amyloidogenesis.
A pharmacological master key mechanism that unlocks the selectivity filter gate in K+ channels.
Conserved function of the matriptase-prostasin proteolytic cascade during epithelial morphogenesis.
Overexpression of branched-chain amino acid aminotransferases rescues the growth defects of cells lacking the Barth syndrome-related gene TAZ1.
Mechanistic insights into microsecond time-scale motion of solid proteins using complementary 15N and 1H relaxation dispersion techniques.
O2 affects mitochondrial functionality ex vivo.
Improved physical models enable the investigation of molecular recognition in intrinsically disordered proteins at atomistic rsolution.
Asymmetric diarylethenes with oxidized 2-alkylbenzothiophen-3-yl units: Chemistry, Ffuorescence, and photoswitching.
Untangling extracellular proteasome-osteopontin circuit dynamics in multiple sclerosis.
Molecular simulations of ion permeation, gating and selectivity in K+ channels.
Gromaps: A Gromacs-based toolset to analyse density maps derived from molecular dynamics simulations.
A pharmacological masterkey mechanism to unlock the selectivity filter gate in K plus channels.
Thermodynamic control of ribosomal frameshifting.
Estimating the high dimensional ruggedness of protein free energy landscapes from molecular dynamics trajectories.
Bayesian structural modeling of large biomolecular systems.
MYC recruits SPT5 to RNA polymerase II to promote processive transcription elongation.
Promoter distortion and opening in the RNA polymerase II cleft.
Multi-slice real-time MRI of temporomandibular joint dynamics.
Heterogeneous and rate-dependent streptavidin-biotin unbinding revealed by high-speed force spectroscopy and molecular dynamics simulations
Manfred Eigen (1927–2019)
Structural dynamics and transient lipid binding of synaptobrevin-2 tune SNARE assembly and membrane fusion.
1H high field electron-nuclear double resonance spectroscopy at 263 GHz/9.4 T.
Superresolution fluorescence imaging of mutant Huntingtin aggregation in cells.
Nuclear singlet multimers (NUSIMERs) with long-lived singlet states.
Field-cycling long-lived-state NMR of 15N2 spin pairs.
β-Synuclein-reactive T cells induce autoimmune CNS grey matter degeneration.
Integrated analysis of relapsed B-cell precursor Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia identifies subtype-specific cytokine and metabolic signatures.
Hypoxia-induced changes in SUMO conjugation affect transcriptional regulation under low oxygen.
Probing membrane protein insertion into lipid bilayers by solid-state NMR.
High-resolution experimental and computational electrophysiology reveals weak β-lactam binding events in the porin PorB.
PROSSTT: Probabilistic simulation of single-cell RNA-seq data for complex differentiation processes.
Semi‐rigid nitroxide spin label for long‐range EPR distance measurements of lipid bilayer embedded β‐peptides.
Structural insights into nuclear pre-mRNA splicing in higher eukaryotes.
Diffusion-weighted MRI of the prostate without susceptibility artifacts: Undersampled multi-shot turbo-STEAM with rotated radial trajectories.
Gadobutrol enhances T1-weighted MRI of nerve cells.
Protein-drug interactions in the membrane: The small molecule Anle138b and its binding to alpha-synuclein oligomers.
Thermodynamic coupling - Free energy calculations of correlated amino acid mutations.
Fusion pore dynamics and snare complex mobility.
Global donor and acceptor splicing site kinetics in human cells.
Comparison of the 3D structures of mouse and human alpha-synuclein fibrils by it solid-state NMR and STEM.
Application of anisotropic NMR parameters to the confirmation of molecular structure.
Interpretation of interfacial protein spectra with enhanced molecular simulation ensembles.
Dynamic water/fat separation and B0 inhomogeneity mapping-joint estimation using undersampled triple-echo multi-spoke radial FLASH.
Robust smartphone assisted biosensing based on asymmetric nanofluidic grating interferometry.
Structure and functions of microtubule associated proteins tau and MAP2c: Similarities and differences.
GROmaρs: A GROMACS-based toolset to analyze density maps derived from molecular dynamics simulations.
Chronic dysfunction of Stromal interaction molecule by pulsed RNAi induction in fat tissue impairs organismal energy homeostasis in Drosophila.
Translocator protein ligand protects against neurodegeneration in the MPTP mouse model of Parkinsonism.
Self-healing dyes for super-resolution fluorescence microscopy.
Mapping the MHC class I spliced immunopeptidome of cancer cells.
Mechanistic details of the MnO+ + H-2/D-2 reaction through temperature-dependent kinetics and statistical modeling.
Magnetic resonance imaging of brain cell water.
Between innate and adaptive immune responses: NKG2A, NKG2C, and CD8⁺ T cell recognition of HLA-E restricted self-peptides acquired in the absence of HLA-Ia.
Role of Zn2+ substitution on the magnetic, hyperthermic, and relaxometric properties of cobalt ferrite nanoparticles.
Proteolytic dynamics of human 20S thymoproteasome.
C-C cross-coupling reactions of trityl radicals: Spin density delocalization, exchange coupling, and a spin label.
Total synthesis of C-132,N-15-imidacloprid with three stable isotopes in the pyridine ring.
SNARE-mediated fusion of single chromaffin granules with pore-spanning membranes.
ROMO1 is a constituent of the human presequence translocase required for YME1L protease import.
Determining free energy differences through non-linear morphing.
Automated cryo-EM structure refinement using correlation-driven molecular dynamics.
Aneuploidy in oocytes is prevented by sustained CDK1 activity through degron masking in cyclin B1.
Precision of time super-resolution imaging by event correlation microscopy.
Nuclear spin singlet states in photoactive molecules: From fluorescence/NMR bimodality to a bimolecular spin singlet state switch.
Human colon organoids reveal distinct physiologic and oncogenic Wnt responses.
Genetic sleep deprivation: Using sleep mutants to study sleep functions.
Rapid active zone remodeling consolidates presynaptic potentiation.
A microfluidic split-flow technology for product characterization in continuous low-volume nanoparticle synthesis.
Spinal CSF flow in response to forced thoracic and abdominal respiration.
Broad range of missense error frequencies in cellular proteins.
Interlacing relaxation and first-passage phenomena in reversible discrete and continuous space Markovian dynamics.
The role of mitochondrial cardiolipin in heart function and its implication in cardiac disease.
Predicting genes in closely related species with Scipio and WebScipio.
Mic60 exhibits a coordinated clustered distribution along and across yeast and mammalian mitochondria.
Structural basis for the nuclear import and export functions of the biportin Pdr6/Kap122.
Lipid bilayer composition influences the activity of the antimicrobial peptide dermcidin channel.
Type IV CRISPR RNA processing and effector complex formation in Aromatoleum aromaticum.
Hypalocrinins, taurine-conjugated anthraquinone and biaryl pigments from the deep sea crinoid Hypalocrinus naresianus.
Correlative cryo super-resolution light and electron microscopy on mammalian cells using fluorescent proteins.
Frequency-modulated SSFP with radial sampling and subspace reconstruction: A time-efficient alternative to phase-cycled bSFFP.
Zbtb20 regulates developmental neurogenesis in the olfactory bulb and gliogenesis after adult brain injury.
Disruption of otoferlin alters the mode of exocytosis at the mouse inner hair cell ribbon synapse.
The Sommerfeld ground-wave limit for a molecule adsorbed at a surface.
Simplified analysis and representation of multi-channel thermal unimolecular reactions.
Simplified analysis and representation of multichannel thermal unimolecular reactions.
Posing the APC/C E3 ubiquitin ligase to orchestrate cell division.
Research funding of the GV-SOLAS 2018
Quantitative measurement of combustion gases in harsh environments using NDIR spectroscopy.
Tongue position variability during sustained notes in healthy vs dystonic horn players using real-time MRI.
Development of a milk-based lateral flow test for pregnancy diagnosis.
Long-range mechanical coupling in the microtubule lattice.
Functional metagenomics reveals an overlooked diversity and novel features of soil-derived bacterial phosphatases and phytases.
Pyruvate carboxylase deficiency type A and type C: Characterization of 5 novel pathogenic variants in PC and analysis of the genotype-phenotype correlation.
Rhodamine-Hoechst positional isomers for highly efficient staining of heterochromatin.
Alpha protons as NMR probes in deuterated proteins.
Circulating endothelial cells as biomarker for cardiovascular diseases.
Anle138b modulates α-synuclein oligomerization and prevents motor decline and neurodegeneration in a mouse model of multiple system atrophy.
SNAREs define targeting specificity of trafficking vesicles by combinatorial interaction with tethering factors.
Accurate determination of 1H‐15N dipolar couplings using inaccurate settings of the magic angle in solid‐state NMR spectroscopy.
Upregulated levels and pathological aggregation of abnormally phosphorylated Tau-Protein in children with neurodevelopmental disorders.
Endogenous oligodendroglial alpha-synuclein and TPPP/p25α orchestrate alpha-synuclein pathology in experimental multiple system atrophy models.
Imaging covalent bond formation by H atom scattering from graphene.
Shock wave and modelling study of the dissociation pathways of (C2F5)3N.
In response to: The validity of 18F-GE180 as a TSPO imaging agent.
Identification of kinetic order parameters for non-equilibrium dynamics.
Magnetic resonance imaging of noradrenergic neurons.
Nuclear localization and phosphorylation modulate pathological effects of alpha-synuclein.
The implication of early chromatin changes in X chromosome inactivation.
ECS meeting
Dynamic nuclear polarization of ¹³C nuclei in the liquid state over a 10 Tesla field range.
The number of SNARE complexes changing conformation during vesicle fusion.
Reply to “Comment on ‘Distinct populations in spin-label EPR spectra from nitroxides’”
Monitoring dynamics of protein nascent chain on the ribosome using PET-FCS.
Charting the hydrophobic Effect: Computing spatially resolved absolute hydration shell entropies.
Structure-based Estimate of connexin 26 conductance.
Origin of thermal and hyperthermal CO2 from CO oxidation on Pt surfaces: The role of post-transition-state dynamics, active sites, and chemisorbed CO2
Mapping developmental maturation of inner hair cell ribbon synapses in the apical mouse cochlea.
Cholesterol flip-flop in heterogeneous membranes.
Accurate calculation of free energy changes upon amino acid mutation.
Endophilin-A regulates presynaptic Ca2+ influx and synaptic vesicle recycling in auditory hair cells.
Triarylmethane fluorophores resistant to oxidative photobluing.
Yeast mitochondrial protein Pet111p binds directly to two distinct targets in COX2 mRNA, suggesting a mechanism of translational activation.
The p12 subunit of human polymerase uses an atypical PIP box for molecular recognition of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)
Modulation of HIV-1 Gag/Gag-Pol frameshifting by tRNA abundance.
O2affects mitochondrial functionality ex vivo.
Overhauser DNP in liquids of 13C nuclei.
Real-time MRI for the dynamic assessment of fundoplication failure in patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Phosphoproteomic analysis of signaling pathways in lymphomas.
Measuring environmental quantum noise exhibiting a nonmonotonic spectral shape.
Molecular mechanism of polycation-induced pore formation in biomembranes.
Efficient nitrogen-vacancy centers' fluorescence excitation and collection from micrometer-sized diamond by a tapered optical fiber in endoscope-type configuration.
Engineered SUMO/protease system identifies Pdr6 as a bidirectional nuclear transport receptor.
The natural history of Get3-like chaperones.
MMseqs2 desktop and local web server app for fast, interactive sequence searches.
Inhibition of proteasome rescues a pathogenic variant of respiratory chain assembly factor COA7