What are the Channels for Technology Sourcing? Panel Data Evidence from German Companies
IP Protection in EU Free Trade Agreements vis-à-vis IP Negotiations in the WTO
Measuring Patent Thickets
Copyright and Parallel Trade
Intellectual Property, Unfair Competition and Publicity
New Requirements and Risk Distribution for the Liability of Carriers of Passengers by Sea in the Event of Accidents under Regulation (EC) No 392/2009
Principles for Intellectual Property Provisions in Bilateral and Regional Agreements
The Impact of the New World Order on Economic Development: The Role of the Intellectual Property Rights System
Encyclopedia of United Kingdom and European Patent Law. Releases 75 and 76 (March and October 2014)
The Effect of Early Entrepreneurship Education: Evidence from a Field Experiment
Knowledge Diversity & Knowledge Overlap in Teams: Empirical Evidence from the Formula 1 Motorsport Industry
The Competition Council of the Republic of Lithuania terminates an investigation on compliance of actions with Article 7 of the Law on Competition and Article 102 TFEU (Viasat)
What to Protect, and How? Unfair Competition, Intellectual Property, or Protection Sui Generis
Collective Management of Copyrights and the EU Principle of Free Movement of Services after the OSA Judgment - In Favour of a More Balance Approach
Determinants of Capital Structure in Non-Financial Companies
Audit Quality in Regulatory Regimes
Jacks-of-all-trades? The effect of balanced skills on team performance
The Supreme Administrative Court of Lithuania issues a final judgment in the case on the obstruction of investigation (UAB LitCon)
Second Generation Patents in Pharmaceutical Innovation
A Technology-Industry Correspondence Based on Linked Inventor-Establishment Data
Invalid But Infringed? An Analysis of Germany's Bifurcated Patent Litigation System
The Marrakesh Treaty – Time to End the Book Famine for Visually Impaired Persons Worldwide
Review of: Mark Williams (ed.): The Political Economy of Competition Law in Asia. Edward Elgar, Cheltenham/Northampton, 2013. 438 S. ISBN 978-1-7810-0167-7
ECtHR rules on liability of ISPs as a restriction of freedom of speech
One-Stop-Shop Online Licensing in the Cross-border Cloud Environment
Comments on Susy Frankel: "'Ka Mate Ka Mate' and the protection of traditional knowledge" – an international perspective
Overcoming Localization of Knowledge – The Role of Professional Service Firms
Patenting Coffee - IP Protection and Its Impact on Innovation in the Coffee-Capsule Market
Open Access in Italy
It’s a Men’s Job - Income and the Gender Gap in Industrial Research
Should entry barriers be removed by ICAI for CPE Hours?-An analysis of Arun Anandagiri v. ICAI
China should have it's own Industry 4.0
Patterns and Determinants of Inventor Mobility - Evidence from the Employment Biographies of Inventors in Germany (unpublished manuscript)
Open Access to Data: An Ideal Professed but Not Practised
Metatags and keywords as comparative advertising
Mandatory Licensing Under Patent Law: European Concepts
The Vilnius District Administrative Court upholds the Competition Council’s decision on the infringement of article 3 of the law on the prohibition of unfair practices of retailers (Norfos mazmena / Rivona)
Public Domain at the Interface of Trade Mark and Unfair Competition Law - The Case of Referential Use of Trade Marks
Trademarks Function, Don't They? CJEU Jurisprudence and Unfair Competition Principles
Community Collective Marks – Status, Scope and Rivals in the European Signs Landscape
State Aid and Transparency: A Natural Contradiction
Open Innovation, the Patent Exclusivity, and Knowhow Secrecy
Invention Processes and Economic Uses of Patents: Evidence from the PatVal 2 Survey
Updating Competitive Advantage in High-Velocity Industries – The Role of Knowledge and Learning
Patent Pending – Why faster isn't always better
The Information Society Directive
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) and beyond: towards a differentiated approach to criminal enforcement of intellectual property rights at global level
Conflicts on Country’s Interests in the Google Antitrust
Comments on EUCJ judgment 'Best'
Reviving the Globalization and Poverty Debate: Effects of Real and Financial Integration on the Developing World
Review of: Sven R. Siebert: More Economic Approach in der Europäischen Beihilfenaufsicht (Wolf Theiss Award; 33), NWV, Wien/Graz 2012, 303 S., ISBN 978-3-7083-0878-4
4th GRUR Int. / JIPLP Joint Seminar - The different notions of "copyright-protected work" in Europe: Munich, 10 March 2014
Copyright Throughout the World (Loseblatt) - Lieferung 2014
Copyright on the Human Rights Trial: Redefining the boundaries of the exclusive rights through Freedom of Expression
CJEU allowed website-blocking injunctions with some reservations
Case Comment on "Pickney"
The Jurisprudential analysis of cases in 2012 in the WTO dispute Settlement: DS406 and DS414
Under-pricing costs NSE heavily- Dominance abused by NSE by resorting to predatory pricing policy: CAT
Medicine Between Ethics and Scientific Progress: How Much Ethics Needs Medicine, How Much Ethics Can it Afford?
Can competition law repair patent law and administrative procedures? AstraZeneca (ECJ, 6.12.2012, C-457/10 P – AstraZeneca)
Relaxation and thermalization in the one-dimensional Bose-Hubbard model: A case study for the interaction quantum quench from the atomic limit
Intellectual Property and Implementation of Recent Bilateral Trade Agreements in the EU
IP, Competition Law and Access to Pharmaceuticals: the Relevance of a "Market Approach" to the Exercise of IPRs, Paper prepared in the framework of the 2013 WTO-WIPO Colloquium for Teachers of Intellectual Property
What's in the Unitary Patent Package?
Brief amici curiae of Law Professors and Scholars”, filed in the Supreme court case American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. v. Aereo, Inc. No. 13-461
Too Common, Too Splendid, or 'Just Right'? Trade Mark Protection for Product Shapes in the Light of CJEU Case Law
The Lithuanian Competition Authority holds that a municipality privileged its established undertaking and restricted competition in the taxi services in the city of Vilnius (Vilnius veza)
The Ownership Problems of Overlaps in European Intellectual Property
Patent Strategy in Pharmaceutical Industry – Are Additional Patents Valuable?
Patently Lacking: A Call for Systemic Review of Pharmaceutical Law and Policy - A Case Study of Hong Kong
Is Poverty the Mother of Crime? Impact of Socioeconomic Factors on Crime in India
EU Bilateral Trade Agreements and Intellectual Property: For Better or Worse?
The Rental and Lending Rights Directive
The 'Bolar' Exemption and the Supply of Patented Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients to Generic Drug Producers - An Attempt to Interpret Article 10(6) of Directive 2004/27/EC
Dynamic Competition in New Economy and Dilemma of Antitrust: Google case As An Example
Refusal to Licence as an Abuse of Market Dominance: From Commercial Solvents to Microsoft
Review of: Alexander Morell: (Behavioral) Law and Economics im europäischen Wettbewerbsrecht. Missbrauchsaufsicht über Zielrabatte (Wirtschaftsrecht und Wirtschaftspolitik ; 255), Nomos, Baden-Baden 2011, 283 S., ISBN 978-3-8329-6438-2
The IPT Project – Proposals to Reform the TRIPS Agreement
New Russian Legislation on ISP Liability and Copyright Enforcement
IP Enforcement Provisions in EU Economic Partnership Agreements
ECtHR Rules on Liability of ISPs as a Restriction of Freedom of Speech
Limitations to Copyright in the Digital Age
Introduction: The Notion of Work under EU Law
Report on the 26th Session of the Committee on Copyright and Related Rights (SCCR) in Geneva, 16-20 December 2013
The Rise of Criminal Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights ... and its Failure in the Context of Copyright Infringements on the Internet
The Impact of Financial Innovation on Firm Stability
The (True) Legacy of Two Really Existing Economic Systems
Financial Innovation and Fragility
Litigating Intellectual Property Rights in Investor-State Arbitration: From Plain Packaging to Patent Revocation
The End of (Meta) Search Engines in Europe?
Regulating Fraud in Financial Markets: Can Behavioural Designs Prevent Future Criminal Offences?
Declaration on Patent Protection
Select from within the system: The European patent with unitary effect
Virtual Designs
Separating Patent Wheat from Chaff: Would the U.S. Benefit from Adopting Patent Post-Grant Review?
Bioethics and the Patent Eligibility of Human Embryonic Stem Cells-Related Inventions in Europe
The MPI-IC-IAB-Inventor data 2002 (MIID 2002): Record-linkage of Patent Register Data with Labor Market Biography Data of the IAB
The Impact of Network Structure and Network Behavior on Inventor Productivity
Slovak Chapter
A Study on the First Sale Doctrine for Digital Contents and for the Parallel Importation
Corporate Social Responsibility. Verbindliche Standards des Wettbewerbsrechts?
Protection for Fashion: The European Experience
Globalization of Literary and Artistic Property
3D Print in Germany, Jurisprudence Analysis and Legislative Model - Is That a Big Problem for Chinese IP Law?
Chapter 10B: Lithuania
The Proposal of the EU Commission for a Directive on Collecting Societies and Cultural Diversity – A Missed Opportunity
Mandatory Licensing Under Patent Law and Competition Law: Different Concerns, Complementary Roles
Assessing the Implications of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement for the European Union: Legitimate Aim but Wrong Means
The Value of Writers' Works: Fair Contractual Terms in European Copyright Law?
Review of: Daryl Lim, Patent Misuse and Antitrust Law – Empirical, Doctrinal and Policy Perspectives, Edward Elgar, Cheltenham/Northampton 2013. 512 S. ISBN: 978-0-85793-017-0
Evolution and Firm Survival in Vertically Related Populations: The Case of the German Piano Industry
The Three-Step-Test Revisited: How to Use the Test’s Flexibility in National Copyright Law
Great Data, Nice Tale, But What's the Message? The OHIM/EPO Study on the Economic Relevance of IP-Intensive Industries in the EU
Ambush Marketing: Examining the Development of an Event Organizer Right of Association (December 8, 2011)
Challenges for the Enforcement of Copyright in the Online World: Time for a New Approach
Reflections on Recent Developments of Statutory Public Interests in Patent-based Section 337 Proceedings (English article)
Balancing "Incentive to Innovate" and "Protection of Competition": An African Perspective on Intellectual Property Rights and Competition Law
Are You Still in? – The Impact of Licensing Requirements on the Composition of Standards Setting Organizations
Labour mobility, skill relatedness and industry evolution
How Patenting Informs VC Investors – The Case of Biotechnology, Research Policy