Measuring Police Integrity among Urban and Rural Police in Armenia: from Local Results to Global Implications
Continued Imprisonment of Terminally Ill Prisoners in the United States: An International Human Rights Perspective
The concept of legality in the Iranian legal system
Honor Killings
Combating the terrorism of ETA with the penal model
Improving the recovery of assets resulting from organized crime
Laudatios for the Winners of the 2014 Hans-Heinrich Jescheck Prize : Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Eugenio Raúl Zaffaroni and Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Klaus Tiedemann
ESC Working Group Reports: European Society of Criminology Postgraduate and Early Stage Researchers Working Group (EPER)
Humanizing Criminal Justice? Restorative Approaches under Fair Trial Scrutiny
Development and Status of Economic Criminal Law in Germany
National characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law in Russia
Open Source Data and Criminal Investigations: Anything You Publish Can and Will Be Used Against You
"Come in Spinner" – Money Laundering in the Australian Casino Industry
Compliance Programs for the Prevention of Economic Crimes : An Empirical Survey of German Companies
Some Observations on the Enforcement of International Sentences in the Case of the ICTY
Remarks by Commentating Editor
News – European Union
Preventive Detention in Germany
Freedom, Labor and Money. Fines in post-revolutionary Russia, 1919-1929
European Initiatives on Data Protection in Criminal Procedure, Special Report Section III
The Practice of Pre-Trial Detention in Armenia: An Examination of the Role of the Soviet Legacy
Multi-level approach to Transitional Justice
Islamic Criminal Law
National Criminal Law in a Comparative Legal Context : Volume 1.4: Introduction to National Systems
Mapping the Criminological Landscape of the Balkans : A Survey on Criminology and Crime with an Expedition into the Criminal Landscape of the Balkans
Creating a Sustainable Criminological Landscape : Building Capacity and Networking the Balkans
Sexual Offender Laws and Treatment in Europe : An introduction
Correctional treatment of sexual and violent offenders : therapeutic change, prison climate, and recidivism
Great Expectations from the Court of Justice : How the Judgments on Google and Data Retention raised more Questions than they answered
Language and the Right to Fair Hearing in International Criminal Trials
Abolition of the death penalty in America – An uphill struggle
The European Criminology Group on Atrocity Crimes and Transitional Justice (ECACTJ)
The de Minimis Doctrine in Criminal Cases in Russia (Delitos de bagatela)
Fighting Economic Crimes and Regulated Self-Regulation
Language Fair Trial Rights in the Uganda Criminal Justice System
National characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law in Turkey
Balancing Security and Liberty : Counter-Terrorism Legislation in Germany and China
National Criminal Law in a Comparative Legal Context : Volume 1.3: Introduction to National Systems
Concepts and Potentials of Recidivism Statistics : An International Comparison
New Responses to Sexual Offenders : Recent developments in legislation and treatment in Germany
Corporate Criminal Liability from a Comparative Perspective
Book Review: Jiahong He, Back from the Dead: Wrongful Convictions and Criminal Justice in China. Honolulu: University of Hawai‘i Press, 2016. xvi, 236 pp.
Punishment and Sentence Enforcement for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Former Yugoslavia
Challenges for Criminal Law and International Criminal Law in Cyberspace
National characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law in Japan
Finance-oriented Strategies of Organized Crime Control
Fighting money laundering in the age of online banking, virtual currencies and internet gambling
Towards Equalisation of the Impact of the Penal Fine: Why the Wealth of the Offender Was Taken into Account
Developing sexual offender laws and treatment in Europe : Legal trends and new paths in treatment strategies for sexual offenders
Trafficking of goods : Report on the latest statistics, with accessible factsheets
Hermeneutics, Jurisprudence and Law
The Moral and Legal Risks of Interventions