The Dividing Line Between Shareholder Democracy and Board Autonomy: Inherent Conflicts of Interest as Normative Criterion
International Encyclopedia of Comparative Law, vol. XV: Labour Law
Editorial Matters
Bibliography of Academic Writings in the Field of Chinese Law in Western Languages in 2013
One Name Throughout Europe – Draft for a European Regulation on the Law Applicable to Names
Comparison of Law, Transfer of Legal Concepts, and Creation of a Legal Design: The Case of Japan
Limitation of Liability without Insurance Benefit
Right of Personality in European Private International Law: The Law of Personal Names
Takeover Defenses in Europe: A Comparative, Theoretical and Policy Analysis
Application of Foreign Law in European Private International Law
Međunarodno privatno pravo. Zbirka odluka Suda Europske Unije (Private international law. Collection of decisions of the ECJ)
Public vs. Civil Law: The German Controversy About the Interaction Between Capital Market Regulation and Contract Law
Ius Comparatum - Global Studies in Comparative Law
Transactional resolutions in German competition law & merger control
Interest for Delay in Payment of Money
Convergence and Divergence in the EU’s Judicial Cooperation in Civil Matters: Pleading for a Consolidation through a Uniform European Conflict’s Codification
The Role of Courts in Japan. Seen from a Comparative German Perspective
Protecting Freedom of Testation: A Proposal for Law Reform
First cornerstones of the EU rules on cross-border child cases: The jurisprudence of the Court of Justice of the European Union on the Brussels IIa Regulation from C to Health Service Executive
Bibliography of Books Published in 2012 and of Some Books Published Earlier
Responsibility of Banks and Their Directors, Including Liability and Enforcement
Private International Law in Mainland China, Taiwan and Europe
International Encyclopedia of Comparative Law, vol. XVI: Civil Procedure
Review of: Eveline Ramaekers, European Union Property Law. From Fragments to a System. Antwerp: Intersentia, 2013. 338 pages
Chinese law bibliography 2012: European language sources
The Peculium: A Legal Device for Donations to personae alieno iuri subiectae?
No Fear of Ṭalāq: A Reconsideration of Muslim Divorce Laws in Light of the Rome III Regulation
From Related Services to Services – Unchaining the CESL’s Substantive and Personal Scope with regard to Related Services
Time is Money – How much Money is Time? Interest and Inflation in Competition Law Actions for Damages
Comparative Law and its Clients
Comparing Manager Liability in Germany and France: Alternative Approaches to Common Problems
Bitcoin – A Digital Currency between Private Ordering and Regulatory Intervention
Legal Studies (advisory board)
Immovable Cultural Heritage at Risk: Past – Present – Future
Breeding lawyers for the global village: The internationalisation of law and legal education
Limitation of Liability for Damages in European Contract Law
International Contracts, Party Autonomy and Mandatory Rules
Conference „Independent Directors in Japan and Other Major Asian Jurisdictions“. Berlin, July 17th and 18th, 2014
Elte Law Journal (advisory board)
Germany
Supranational Codification in Europe and Its Significance for Third States
The determination of mandatory rules in International Arbitration - An attempt to set out criteria
Frontiers of Law in China
Regulating the Closed Corporation
The Application of Foreign Law – Comparative Remarks on the Practical Side of Private International Law
Roman Business Associations