Jurisdictional Issues in the Circulation and Holding of (Intermediated) Securities: The Advocate General’s Opinion in Kolassa V. Barclays
Review of: Handbook on the Internal Justice System at the United Nations
Foreword
Contempt and Execution in Vindicating the Right to Education
Breach of International Obligations
From "Dealing in Virtue" to "Profiting from Injustice" : The Case Against "Re-Statification" of Investment Dispute Settlement : 2013 Harvard International Law Journal Symposium Keynote Address
United States - Sections 301-310 of the Trade Act 1974, European Communities v United States, Report of the Panel, WT/DS152/R
Martyrs and Scapegoats of the Nation? The Finnish War-Responsibility Trial, 1945-1946
Still walking to freedom : a historical retrospective of the first 20 years of South African democracy
Searching for the Historical Origins of International Criminal Law (Foreword)
International Law, Domestic Lenses
From "Dealing in Virtue" to "Profiting from Injustice" : The Case Against "Re-Statification" of Investment Dispute Settlement : 2013 Harvard International Law Journal Symposium Keynote Address (preliminary version)
Jurisdictional Issues In The Circulation And Holding of (Intermediated) Securities: The Advocate General's Opinion In Kolassa V. Barclays'
European Media Policy and Cultural Diversity at the International Level : The EU's Role in Fostering the Implementation of the 2005 UNESCO Convention
Germany
Collective Actions in the European Union : American or European Model?
The Effective Operation of the EU Maintenance Regulation in the Member States
Judicial Reforms in Luxembourg and Europe : International and Comparative Perspectives
European Perspectives on Collective Litigation
The role of comparative law in shaping corporate statutory reforms
Collective Redress and the Jurisdictional Model of the Brussels I Regulation
La registrazione delle agenzie di rating. La decisione della Commissione di ricorso delle Autorità europee di vigilanza finanziaria nel caso Global Private Rating Company “Standard Rating” Ltd c. Autorità europea degli strumenti finanziari e dei mercati (10 gennaio 2014)’ [Registration of European Rating Agency. The ESAs Board of Appeal decision in the case Global Private Rating Company “Standard Rating” Ltd v. European Securities and Markets Authority]
Fundamental Developments in European Procedural Law
The Unification of Jurisprudence: An Analysis of Decisions by the United Grand Panels (VGS) and the Grand Panel for Civil Matters (GSZ) of the Federal Court of Justice (BGH)
The effectiveness of the UNESCO Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions : Introduction
Comparing Insider Trading in the United States and in the European Union: History and Recent Developments
Overcoming Eurocentrism? : Global History and the Oxford Handbook of the History of International Law
Due Process, Antisuit Injunctions
European Insolvency Law : the Heidelberg-Luxembourg-Vienna report on the application of Regulation No. 1346/2000/EC on Insolvency Proceedings (external evaluation JUST/2011/JCIV/PR/0049/A4)
The Recovery of Maintenance in the EU and Worldwide
Judicial Cooperation
Judicial Reforms in Luxembourg and Europe
International Development Loans and Non-Compliance with Investment Arbitration Awards
Avoidance actions against third state defendants : jurisdictional justice or curtailment of legal protection? European Court of Justice 16 January 2014, Case C-328/12, Schmid/Hertel
Compliance through Collegiality: Peer Review in International Law
Revisiting Van Gend en Loos
Is there a case – legally and politically – for direct effect of WTO obligations?
European media policy and cultural diversity at the international level : the European Union’s role in fostering the implementation of the 2005 UNESCO Convention
Slovenian report
"Mediation Judges" in Germany : Mutual Interference of EU Standards and National Developments
Slovenia
Unleashing the European Securities and Markets Authority: Governance and Accountability after the ECJ Decision on the Short Selling Regulation (Case C-270/12)
Online Public Consultation on Investment Protection and ISDS Dispute Settlement in the TTIP
The German Experience with Group Actions : The Verbandsklage and the Capital Markets Model Case Act (KapMuG)
Hess, B., Oberhammer, P., Pfeiffer, T. (eds.): European Insolvency Law. Heidelberg– Luxembourg–Vienna Report, C.H. Beck, Munich.
International Decision, Republic v. High Court of Accra, ex parte Attorney General (Supreme Court of Ghana, June 2, 2013)
Ambiente Ufficio S.p.A. and others v. Argentine Republic, ICSID Case No. ARB/08/9 (formerly Giordano Alpi and others v. Argentine Republic), Decision on Jurisdiction and Admissibility, 2 February 2013 and dissent Torres Bernardez of 2 May 2013
Collective Actions in the European Union : American or European Model?
Targeted Sanctions and the Rule of Law in the United Nations
Setting the Scene : The EU-Maintenance Regulation
Is there a case - legally and politically - for direct effect of WTO obligations?
The Evolution of European Insolvency Law Part 3: The EU Parliament’s Report on the Amendment of the European Insolvency Regulation (EIR)
The Evolution of European Insolvency Law Part 2 : The EU Commission's Proposal for the Amendment of the European Insolvency Regulation
Procedural Justice : XIV.IAPL World Congress
The UNCITRAL Rules on Transparency in Investor-State Treaty-based Arbitration