History of social law in Germany
Introduction
[Review of: Albrecht Classen, Early History of the Southwest through the Eyes of German-Speaking Jesuit Missionaries: A Transcultural Experience in the Eighteenth Century, Lanham, Md.: Lexington Books, 2013]
[Review of: John J. O’Hagan, Lands Never Trodden: The Franciscans and the California Missions, Caldwell, ID: Caxton Press. Distrib. University of Nebraska Press. 2013]
[Review of: Frances L. Ramos, Identity, Ritual, and Power in Colonial Puebla, Tucson: The University of Arizona Press, 2012]
The Legal Service
'General Principles' of Contract Law in Transnational Instruments
Report about the Workshop "The Pope, the Roman Curia and the World: Research Tools for History and History of Law" [16.06.2014-18.06.2014 Frankfurt am Main]
European Legal History - Concepts, Methods, Challenges
"Si le lorrain, l’italien, ou quelque autre de mesme farine blesse la couronne". Black legend, patriotic construction of alternative enemies and religious persecution after the St. Bartholomew’s Day Massacre (1574-87)
Competition policy: ever present but far from all-conquering
The EU's government of the car industry: from "harmonization" to deep incompleteness
[Review of: David Yetman, Conflict in colonial Sonora: Indians, priests, and settlers, Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 2012]
Elite patronage over party – High politics in Sri Lanka after independence
European Normativity – Global Historical Perspectives. Colloquium on the Occasion of the Inauguration of the New Building of the Max-Planck-Institute for European Legal History, Frankfurt am Main, September 2-4, 2013
The Pope, the Roman Curia and the World: Research Tools for History and History of Law
[Review of: Laurie Catteeuw, Censures et raisons d’État. Une histoire de la modernité politique (XVIe-XVIIe siècle). Paris: Edition Albin Michel, 2013]
The British Patent System during the Industrial Revolution 1700 - 1852. From Privilege to Property
Patent Cases in the Court of Chancery, 1714–58
Patenting in England, Scotland and Ireland during the Industrial Revolution, 1700–1852
A Latin America Perspective
Legitimacy and Independence of International Tribunals: An Analysis of the European Court of Human Rights
Fashions: Business Practices in Historical Perspectives
Evaluating Reforms for Bolivian Women´s Rights to Social Security and Social Protection
On the development of the term "Verfassung" from the plurality of the ancien régime's «leges fundamentales»
Law and the Bible in Spanish Neo-Scholasticism
Semi-Presidential Regimes: Some Lessons for Australian Republicans?
German Legal History: National Traditions and Transnational Perspectives
Political crime in early modern Europe: Assassination, legal responses and popular print media
[Review of: Chuchiak IV, John F. (ed. and trans.) (2012) The Inquisition in New Spain, 1536–1820: A Documentary History, The Johns Hopkins University Press (Baltimore, MD)]
Global Protest Against Nuclear Power. Transfer and Transnational Exchange in the 1970s and 1980s
Getting started: Agenda-setting in European Environmental Policy in the 1970s
Accidental Entrenchment and the Scottish Independence Bill? [U.K. Const. L. Blog (24th June 2014)]
Trade policy: all pervasive but to what end?
The Mediterranean Challenge
[Review of: Sarah Wilson: The Origins of Modern Financial Crime: Historical Foundations and Current Problems in Britain. London 2014]
No Court is an Island: Philosophy at the European Court of Human Rights and the European Court of Justice
English and European Perspectives on Contract and Commercial Law: Essays in Honour of Hugh Beale
Early Modern Revolts as Political Crimes in the Popular Media of Illustrated Broadsheets
Nitrate
'Where do we go from Wyhl?' Transnational Anti-Nuclear Protest targeting European and International Organisations in the 1970s
Transport Policy in Transition
Catalogue of books printed before 1801 in the legal historical section of the Biblioteca di Scienze Sociali dell'Università degli Studi di Firenze. Vol 2: 1601 - 1700
The Catholic Spirit of Capitalism? Contrasting Views on Profit-Making Through Capital Investment in the Age of Reformations
Law and Revolution - Revisited