International Migration Data and the Study of Super-Diversity
Nationalist Rituals and the Construction of Diaspora. The fiftieth anniversary of Ghanaian Independence in Berlin
Searching for Reconciliation: Policing, Injustice and Territoriality in Johannesburg
The Multicultural Backlash: European Discourses, Policies and Practices
Immigration and Gentrification - a case study of cultural restructuring in Flushing, Queens
Introduction: Migrants and Cities
The value of comparison
Theories: Volume I
Criminality or Monopoly? Informal Immigration Enforcement in South Africa
Transcultural encounters of diversity – towards a research agenda. The case of Polish presence in the UK
Small Scale Cities in Globalizing Societies: Pathways of Migrant Local Incorporation and Transnational Connection
Nagaland and Nagas of Manipur
Identities, Groups and Communities: The Case of Northern Ireland
Body and Mind in Qi Gong and Yoga. A Comparative Perspective on India and China
Nationalism and Christianity
Commonplace diversity: Social interactions in a super-diverse context
Policing the Beat: Music Piracy in Downtown Johannesburg
Anthropology of Migration and Multiculturalism: New Directions
Distancing Personal Experiences from the Collective. Discursive Tactics among Youth in Post-War Mostar
Migrants and Cities, not Migrants in Cities: Components of a Theory of Locality in Migration Studies
Where is China in World Christianity?
Ethnic and Transnational Dimensions of Recent Protestant Conversion among the Hmong in Northern Vietnam
Enacted Destiny. West African Charismatic Christians in Berlin and the Immanence of God
Introduction
Germany: Integration policy and pluralism in a self-conscious country of immigration
Locating Migration: Rescaling Cities and Migrants
Samsaric Salvation: Prosperity Cults, Political Crisis, and Middle Class Aspirations in Bangkok
State-Imposed Translocalism and the Dream of Returning. Italian Migrants in Switzerland
Introduction: Depicting diversity
Past Masters as Modern Inventions: International Relations History as Critical Theory
Policies: Volume IV
Beyond the Race Relations Model: Old Patterns and New Trends in Britain
Religions in India and China today
Cosmopolitanism
Diversity in Germany’s Political Life? Immigrants in City Councils
Super-diversity and its implications
Local attachments and transnational everyday lives: Second-generation Italians in Switzerland
Depicting Diversities
Types: Volume II
Migration
Spirituality: East and West
The Visible and the Invisible in South Asia
Towards post-multiculturalism? Changing communities, conditions and contexts of diversity
Confinement and Mobility: Transnational Ties and Religious Networking among Baptist Karen at the Thailand-Burma Border
Being like a State: Policing Space in Johannesburg
General Introduction
Trends: Volume III
Processes: Volume V
Faith in Law? Diffusing tensions between equality and diversity
Freedom of the dress: religion and women's rights in secular states
State, religion, and the family: the new dilemmas of multicultural accommodation
The return of the repressed: constitutionalism, pluralism and religion
Global gender inequality and the empowerment of women: a discussion of "Half the sky: turning oppression into opportunity for women worldwide"
Depicting Diversities. Special issue of Diversities 12(1)