Field synopsis of genetic association studies in Schizophrenia
Metagenome and mRNA expression analyses of anaerobic methanotrophic archaea of the ANME-1 group
Next-generation sequencing technologies for DNA methylation analyses in cancer genomics
Augmentation index and the evolution of aortic disease in marfan-like syndromes.
Cultivation-independent characterization of ‘Candidatus Magnetobacterium bavaricum’ via ultrastructural, geochemical, ecological and metagenomic methods
Rap1-independent telomere attachment and bouqet formation in mammalian meiosis.
Modulation of mitochondrial biogenesis and bioenergetic metabolism upon in vitro and in vivo differentiation of human ES and iPS cells.
Different phylogenomic approaches to resolve the evolutionary relationships among model fish species
The pursuit of susceptibility genes for Alzheimer's disease: progress and prospects.
Phylogenetic diversity and metagenomics of candidate division OP3
An Expressed Sequence Tag Analysis of the Intertidal Brown Seaweeds Fucus serratus (L.) and F. vesiculosus (L.) (Heterokontophyta, Phaeophyceae) in Response to Abiotic Stressors
Proteomic analysis of sea urchin (Strongylocentrotus purpuratus) spicule matrix.
Subtelomeric 6p monosomy and 12q trisomy in a patient with a 46,XX,der(6)t(6;12)(p25.3;q24.31) karyotype: Phenotypic overlap with Mutchinick syndrome.
A calibrated diversity assay for nucleic acid libraries using DiStRO-a Diversity Standard of Random Oligonucleotides
alpha-Helical nascent polypeptide chains visualized within distinct regions of the ribosomal exit tunnel
Histone modification levels are predictive for gene expression
Mutations in the small GTPase gene RAB39B are responsible for X-linked mental retardation associated with autism, epilepsy, and macrocephaly.
Recurrent deletion of ZNF630 at Xp11.23 is not associated with mental retardation.
The difference between rare and exceptionally rare: molecular characterization of ribose 5-phosphate isomerase deficiency.
Altered Histone Acetylation Is Associated with Age-Dependent Memory Impairment in Mice.
Semi-automated Magnetic Bead-Based Antibody Selection from Phage Display Libraries
Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative biomarkers as quantitative phenotypes: Genetics core aims, progress, and plans.
The human phenotype ontology.
Novel mutations in Indian patients with autosomal recessive infantile malignant osteopetrosis.
The genome of a songbird.
Quantifying the effect of sequence variation on regulatory interactions
A map of human genome variation from population-scale sequencing
MACS syndrome: A combined collagen and elastin disorder due to abnormal Golgi trafficking.
Identification of Y-box binding protein 1 as a core regulator of MEK/ERK pathway dependent gene signatures in colorectal cancer cells.
Molecular signatures and new candidates to target the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis.
Functional analysis and identification of cis-regulatory elements of human chromosome 21 gene promoters
Skin and brain age together: The role of hormones in the ageing process.
Integrative analysis of genomic, functional and protein interaction data predicts long-range enhancer-target gene interactions.
Genetic variants in PSEN2 and correlation to CSF beta-amyloid42 levels in AD.
Synopsis of preterm birth genetic association studies : the preterm birth genetics knowledge base (PTBGene)
The COPD genetic association compendium : a comprehensive online database of COPD genetic associations
CYNTENATOR : progressive gene order alignment of 17 vertebrate genomes
Microindel detection in short-read sequence data
Diet-induced gene expression of isolated pancreatic islets from a polygenic mouse model of the metabolic syndrome
CDKL5 truncation due to a t(X;2)(p22.1;p25.3) in a girl with X-linked infantile spasm syndrome
Impairment of Sox9 expression in limb buds of rats homozygous for hypodactyly mutation.
Deep sequencing-based discovery of the Chlamydia trachomatis transcriptome
Inferring evolutionary scenarios for protein domain compositions
Cloning, tissue expression analysis, and functional characterization of two Δ6-desaturase variants of sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax L.)
Monozygotic twins with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) display differences in methylation of NF1 gene promoter elements, 5' untranslated region, exon and intron 1.
Receptor tyrosine kinase-like orphan receptor 2 (ROR2) and Indian hedgehog regulate digit outgrowth mediated by the phalanx-forming region
Gill transcriptome response to changes in environmental calcium in the green spotted puffer fish
Marfan syndrome and the evolving spectrum of heritable thoracic aortic disease: do we need genetics for clinical decisions?
BISMA--fast and accurate bisulfite sequencing data analysis of individual clones from unique and repetitive sequences
CD93/AA4.1 : a novel regulator of inflammation in murine focal cerebral ischemia
High-throughput identification of genetic markers using representational oligonucleotide microarray analysis.
Real-time xCELLigence impedance analysis of the cytotoxicity of dental composite components on human gingival fibroblasts.
Breakpoint analysis of balanced chromosome rearrangements by next-generation paired-end sequencing
Spinal cord atrophy in triple A syndrome associated with a novel compound heterozygous mutation.
Plasticity of animal genome architecture unmasked by rapid evolution of a pelagic tunicate
The genome maintenance and transcriptional regulation mechanisms of human high risk papillomaviruses as target points for antiviral treatment and cervical cancer prevention.
A distinctive gene expression fingerprint in mentally retarded male patients reflects disease-causing defects in the histone demethylase KDM5C
Heritable sclerosing bone disorders: presentation and new molecular mechanisms.
Three novel mutations in the ANK membrane protein cause craniometaphyseal dysplasia with variable conductive hearing loss.
A blueprint of ectoine metabolism from the genome of the industrial producer Halomonas elongata DSM 2581(T).
The 2nd Berlin BedRest Study: protocol and implementation
Next generation sequencing in a family with autosomal recessive Kahrizi syndrome (OMIM 612713) reveals a homozygous frameshift mutation in SRD5A3.
Functional genomics, proteomics, and regulatory DNA analysis in isogenic settings using zinc finger nuclease-driven transgenesis into a safe harbor locus in the human genome
Mesomelic dysplasia Kantaputra type is associated with duplications of the HOXD locus on chromosome 2q.
Deletion and point mutations of PTHLH cause brachydactyly type E.
Hyperphosphatasia with mental retardation, brachytelephalangy, and a distinct facial gestalt: Delineation of a recognizable syndrome.
Bicoid: Morphogen function revisited
Governing cell lineage formation in cloned mouse embryos
Minimum information about a protein affinity reagent (MIAPAR)
Lysosomal pathology and osteopetrosis upon loss of H+-driven lysosomal Cl- accumulation.
Prediction of alternative isoforms from exon expression levels in RNA-Seq experiments
A data integration approach to mapping OCT4 gene regulatory networks operative in embryonic stem cells and embryonal carcinoma cells
Identity-by-descent filtering of exome sequence data identifies PIGV mutations in hyperphosphatasia mental retardation syndrome.
11q14.1-11q22.1 deletion in a 1-year-old male with minor dysmorphic features.
Analysis of relative gene dosage and expression differences of the paralogs RABL2A and RABL2B by Pyrosequencing.
Centrosomes : methods for preparation
Deletions of the RUNX2 gene are present in about 10% of individuals with cleidocranial dysplasia
Mutations causing Greenberg dysplasia but not Pelger anomaly uncouple enzymatic from structural functions of a nuclear membrane protein.
A novel homozygous Arg222Trp missense mutation in WNT7A in two sisters with severe Al-Awadi/Raas-Rothschild/Schinzel phocomelia syndrome.
Mutations in GRIN2A and GRIN2B encoding regulatory subunits of NMDA receptors cause variable neurodevelopmental phenotypes.
A Cyclic AMP Analog, 8-Br-cAMP, Enhances the Induction of Pluripotency in Human Fibroblast Cells
Localization of eukaryote-specific ribosomal proteins in a 5.5-A cryo-EM map of the 80S eukaryotic ribosome
Structural basis for translational stalling by human cytomegalovirus and fungal arginine attenuator peptide
A genome-wide association study identifies GLT6D1 as a susceptibility locus for periodontitis
Single gene disorders come into focus – again. Dialogues.
Lipids from Lipomyces starkeyi.
Emerging role of Alzheimer's disease-associated ubiquilin-1 in protein aggregation
CALHM1 P86L polymorphism does not alter amyloid-beta or tau in cerebrospinal fluid
The application of massively parallel sequencing technologies in diagnostics
Identification of a DMBT1 polymorphism associated with increased breast cancer risk and decreased promoter activity.
Chromosome aberrations involving 10q22: report of three overlapping interstitial deletions and a balanced translocation disrupting C10orf11.
Analysis of a normalised expressed sequence tag (EST) library from a key pollinator, the bumblebee Bombus terrestris
Parallel evolution of nacre building gene sets in molluscs
Genome comparison of the epiphytic bacteria Erwinia billingiae and E. tasmaniensis with the pear pathogen E. pyrifoliae
Multi-transcript expression patterns in the gastrolith disk and the hypodermis of the crayfish Cherax quadricarinatus at premolt
The primary transcriptome of the major human pathogen Helicobacter pylori
Context-dependent annotation of protein domains
Positioning of necrotic lobular intraepithelial neoplasias (LIN, grade3) within the sequence of breast carcinoma progression.
Screening chromosomal aberrations by array comparative genomic hybridization in 80 patients with congenital hypothyroidism and thyroid dysgenesis.
Negative regulation of Wnt signaling mediated by CK1-phosphorylated Dishevelled via Ror2.
Tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily member 19 (TNFRSF19) regulates differentiation fate of human mesenchymal (stromal) stem cells through canonical Wnt signalling and C/EBP
Membrane attack complex inhibitor CD59a protects against focal cerebral ischemia in mice
MethVisual - visualization and exploratory statistical analysis of DNA methylation profiles from bisulfite sequencing
A streamlined protocol for emulsion polymerase chain reaction and subsequent purification.
Novel missense mutations in the ubiquitination-related gene UBE2A cause a recognizable X-linked mental retardation syndrome.
Alternative Splicing and Extensive RNA Editing of Human TPH2 Transcripts.
Coupled chaperone action in folding and assembly of hexadecameric Rubisco.
MicroRazerS: rapid alignment of small RNA reads
The caspase recruitment domain-containing protein 8 (CARD8) negatively regulates NOD2-mediated signaling.
Establishment of a mouse model with misregulated chromosome condensation due to defective Mcph1 function.
Alzheimer disease : new light on an old CLU
Dicer is required for Sertoli cell function and survival
Whole-exome sequencing for finding de novo mutations in sporadic mental retardation
Brachydactyly type A1 with short humerus and associated skeletal features.
V-gene amplification revisited - An optimised procedure for amplification of rearranged human antibody genes of different isotypes.
Studying the evolution of promoter sequences : a waiting time problem
High-throughput Universal Probe Salmonella Serotyping (UPSS) by nanoPCR.
TransFind--predicting transcriptional regulators for gene sets
Obesity and the brain: a possible genetic link
The genetics of Alzheimer disease : back to the future
Mechanism of eIF6-mediated inhibition of ribosomal subunit joining
Translocation and Deletion around SOX9 in a Patient with Acampomelic Campomelic Dysplasia and Sex Reversal.
Frequency of sleep apnea in adults with the Marfan syndrome.
Erratum to: Mutation screening in 86 known X-linked mental retardation genes by droplet-based multiplex PCR and massive parallel sequencing.
Expression patterns of sulfatase genes in the developing mouse embryo.
Cryo-EM structure and rRNA model of a translating eukaryotic 80S ribosome at 5.5-A resolution
Autosomal recessive mental retardation: homozygosity mapping identifies 27 single linkage intervals, at least 14 nvel loci and several mutation hotspots
Identification of FOXP1 deletions in three unrelated patients with mental retardation and significant speech and language deficits
Evidence mining and novelty assessment of protein-protein interactions with the ConsensusPathDB plugin for Cytoscape.
The LARGE principle of cellular reprogramming: lost, acquired and retained gene expression in foreskin and amniotic fluid-derived human iPS cells.
Diversity of human copy number variation and multicopy genes.
The KRAB-containing zinc-finger transcriptional regulator ZBRK1 activates SCA2 gene transcription through direct interaction with its gene product ataxin-2.
Somatic mutation profiles of MSI and MSS colorectal cancer identified by whole exome next generation sequencing and bioinformatics analysis
A new dominant peroxiredoxin allele identified by whole-genome re-sequencing of random mutagenized yeast causes oxidant-resistance and premature aging.
Chromatin methylation activity of Dnmt3a and Dnmt3a/3L is guided by interaction of the ADD domain with the histone H3 tail.
Genetic and diet effects on Ppar-α and Ppar-γ signaling pathways in the Berlin Fat Mouse Inbred line with genetic predisposition for obesity
FISH as a tool to investigate chromosome behaviour in budding yeast.
Meta-Analysis approach for the identification of molecular networks related to infections of the oral cavity
Gene amplification as double minutes or homogeneously staining regions in solid tumors: Origin and structure
Development of an oligo DNA microarray for the European sea bass and its application to expression profiling of jaw deformity
Studies of accuracy during protein synthesis involving the E-tRNA and the Shine-Dalgarno interaction
SOAP/WSDL-Based Web Services for Biomedicine: Demonstrating the Technique with the CancerResource.
Genomic Analysis of miRNAs in an Extreme Mammalian Hibernator, the Arctic Ground Squirrel.
Clinical variability and novel mutations in the NHEJ1 gene in patients with a Nijmegen breakage syndrome-like phenotype.
Familiality and molecular genetics of attention networks in ADHD
Quantitative analysis of TGFBR2 mutations in Marfan-syndrome-related disorders suggests a correlation between phenotypic severity and Smad signaling activity.
An inducible RNA interference system for the functional dissection of mouse embryogenesis.
The senescence-related mitochondrial/oxidative stress pathway is repressed in human induced pluripotent stem cells.
International network of cancer genome projects
Comparative Analysis of Transposable Element Vector Systems in Human Cells.
Mutations in PVRL4, encoding cell adhesion molecule nectin-4, cause ectodermal dysplasia-syndactyly syndrome
A Flexible Multiwell Format for Immunofluorescence Screening Microscopy of Small-Molecule Inhibitors.
Brachyphalangy, polydactyly and tibial aplasia/hypoplasia syndrome (OMIM 609945): case report and review of the literature.
Targetfinder.org: a resource for systematic discovery of transcription factor target genes
Strand-specific deep sequencing of the transcriptome.
GOing Bayesian: model-based gene set analysis of genome-scale data.
Homeobox genes d11-d13 and a13 control mouse autopod cortical bone and joint formation.
Cancer stem cells in solid tumors: elusive or illusive?
Deciphering the porcine intestinal microRNA transcriptome.
Severe developmental bone phenotype in ClC-7 deficient mice.
Aging in mouse brain is a cell/tissue-level phenomenon exacerbated by proteasome loss
Genome-wide copy number variation analysis in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: association with neuropeptide Y gene dosage in an extended pedigree1
Microindel detection in short-read sequence data.
Marfan syndrome with neonatal progeroid syndrome-like lipodystrophy associated with a novel frameshift mutation at the 3' terminus of the FBN1-gene.
A clinical and molecular genetic study of 112 Iranian families with primary microcephaly.
WDR11, a WD protein that interacts with transcription factor EMX1, is mutated in idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and Kallmann syndrome.
The globin gene family of the cephalochordate amphioxus : implications for chordate globin evolution
Proteomic and functional analysis of the mitotic Drosophila centrosome.
Cohort of Balanced Reciprocal Translocations Associated with Dyslexia: Identification of Two Putative Candidate Genes at DYX1.
The effect of MNase on nucleosome positioning data.
Haplotype misclassification from genotype error and statistical reconstruction and its impact on association estimates
A computational evaluation of over-representation of regulatory motifs in the promoter regions of differentially expressed genes
Moderate alcohol consumption aggravates high-fat diet induced steatohepatitis in rats
Screening of human gene promoter activities using transfected-cell arrays
Common pathological mutations in PQBP1 induce nonsense-mediated mRNA decay and enhance exclusion of the mutant exon.
PTGL : a database for secondary structure-based protein topologies
Global transcriptomic analysis of murine embryonic stem cell-derived brachyury (T) cells
High-throughput sequencing of frozen and paraffin-embedded tumor and normal tissue
The European sea bass Dicentrarchus labrax genome puzzle: comparative BAC-mapping and low coverage shotgun sequencing
Personal genomes in progress: from the human genome project to the personal genome project.
Prognostic relevance of TLX3 (HOX11L2) expression in childhood T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia treated with Berlin–Frankfurt–Münster (BFM) protocols containing early and late re-intensification elements
Suppression of the transcription factor MSX1 gene delays bovine preimplantation embryo development in vitro.
Evaluation of Recombinant Antibodies on Protein Microarrays Applying the Multiple Spotting Technique
Cranioectodermal Dysplasia, Sensenbrenner syndrome, is a ciliopathy caused by mutations in the IFT122 gene.
A global view of the nonprotein-coding transcriptome in Plasmodium falciparum
Genome expansion and gene loss in powdery mildew fungi reveal tradeoffs in extreme parasitism
Dynamic link of DNA demethylation, DNA strand breaks and repair in mouse zygotes
Presence of late embryogenesis abundant (LEA) proteins in a nondesiccated, diapausing invertebrate embryo (Rotifers)
Characterization of an interstitial 4q32 deletion in a patient with mental retardation and a complex chromosome rearrangement.
Identification of Y-box binding protein 1 as a core regulator of MEK/ERK pathway-dependent gene signatures in colorectal cancer cells
Expression analysis of proline rich 15 (Prr15) in mouse and human gastrointestinal tumors.
TRPV1 acts as a synaptic protein and regulates vesicle recycling.
A small, variable, and irregular killer cell Ig-like receptor locus accompanies the absence of MHC-C and MHC-G in gibbons
A distinctive gene expression fingerprint in mentally retarded male patients reflects disease-causing defects in the histone demethylose KDM5C.
A transcriptional roadmap to the induction of pluripotency in somatic cells
An atlas of combinatorial transcriptional regulation in mouse and man.
Four unrelated patients with Lubs X-linked mental retardation syndrome and different Xq28 duplications.
Regulatory crosstalk of the metabolic network
Ecophysiology of food-borne pathogens: Essential knowledge to improve food safety.
Automation in the high-throughput selection of random combinatorial libraries-different approaches for select applications
Data integration using scanners with SQL output--the bioscanners project at sourceforge
Systematic analysis of candidate genes for Alzheimer's disease in a French, genome-wide association study.
The CALHM1 P86L polymorphism is a genetic modifier of age at onset in Alzheimer's disease: a meta-analysis study
An ES-like pluripotent state in FGF-dependent murine iPS cells
A trans-acting locus regulates an anti-viral expression network and type 1 diabetes risk
Frequency and age-related course of mitral valve dysfunction in the Marfan syndrome.
Introducing knowledge into differential expression analysis
Med12 is essential for early mouse development and for canonical Wnt and Wnt/PCP signaling.
Mosaic Expression of Med12 in Female Mice Leads to Exencephaly, Spina Bifida, and Craniorachischisis.
Long-Term Expression of Tissue-Inhibitor of Matrix Metalloproteinase-1 in the Murine Central Nervous System Does Not Alter the Morphological and Behavioral Phenotype but Alleviates the Course of Experimental Allergic Encephalomyelitis.
A quantitative study of the Hog1 MAPK response to fluctuating osmotic stress in Saccharomyces cerevisiae