Listening: interdisciplinary perspectives
Apprenticeship and the Negotiation of Freedom. The Liberated Africans of the Anglo-Portuguese Mixed Commission in Luanda (1844-1870)
Purchase on power : imperial space and commercial space in Song-Dynasty Kaifeng, 960 - 1127
Aerodynamics and Flutter Research at the Nationaal Luchtvaartlaboratorium (NLL) in Amsterdam under Nazi Occupation (1940-1944)
Fireworks : pyrotechnic arts and sciences in European history
Madame Blavatsky’s children : modern Hindu encounters with Darwinism
One Grain, One Nation: Rice Genetics and the Corporate State in Early Francoist Spain (1939-1952)
From sensibility to pathology : the origins of nervous music
The Buna/Monowitz Camp
Political order and the ambivalence of expertise : Count Rumford and welfare reform in late-eighteenth-century Munich
Reason and resonance : a history of modern aurality
From Radar to Reader. On the Origin of RFID
The Sagnac Effect: A Historical Study of the Discovery and of Its Earlier Interpretations
Imagining Possibilities. In Honour of Amos Funkenstein. Robert Westman/ David Biale (Hrsg.), Thinking Impossibilities. The Intellectual Legacy of Amos Funkenstein, Toronto / Buffalo / London: University of Toronto Press 2008.
Look to the Stars: Babylonian medicine, magic, astrology and melothesia
Working with Instruments - Three Papers of Ernst Mach and Ludwig Mach / (Translated by Daniel Bowles)
Hereditary Hourglass. Genetics and Epigenetics, 1868-2000
Asceticism and Truth: The Case of ‘Magic Pragmatism’
Some Remarks on Prop. VIII Probl. II of Newton’s Opticks Book I Part I
German-Speaking Émigré Neuroscientists in North America after 1933: Critical Reflections on Emigration-Induced Scientific Change
Making Mutations: Objects, Practices, Contexts
Picturing the World of Mining in the Renaissance. The Schwazer Bergbuch (1556)
2 (Slavonic Apocalypse of) Enoch: Text and Context
Medieval Representations of Change and Their Early Modern Application (TOPOI – Towards a Historical Epistemology of Space)
Paul Valéry and Geometry: Instrument, Writing Model, Practice
The Exhibition as Product and Generator of Scholarship
Hume's Experimental Method
Wissenschaftliche Philosophie, moderne Wissenschaft und historische Epistemologie. Albert Einstein, Ludwik Fleck und Moritz Schlick im Ringen um die wissenschaftliche Rationalität [Der vorliegende Text wurde im Juni 2013 abgeschlossen.]
In memoriam : Boris Abramovic Rosenfeld (1917-2008)
The role of tables in the history of different styles of thinking in statistics
How Wilhelm Dilthey influenced popular science writing : Kurd Laßwitz's 'Homchen. Ein Tiermärchen aus der oberen Kreide'
The astronomical capital of the world : Pulkovo observatory in the Russia of Tsar Nicholas I
Review of: Nyhart, Lynn: Modern nature : the rise of the biological perspective in Germany. Chicago [u.a.]: University of Chicago Press 2009
Archimedian mechanical knowledge in 17th century China
In defence of empty realism
Latex and blood : science, markets, and American Empire
Communist internationalism and transcolonial recognition
Helmholtz's early empiricism and the 'Erhaltung der Kraft'
Food safety, the rural/urban dichotomy and Valencian society 1850-1930
Looking for a few good males : female choice in evolutionary biology
Observation, working images and procedure : the 'Great Spiral' in Lord Rosse's astronomical record books and beyond
After the Deluge : the impact of the two World Wars on the historical works of Henri Pirenne and Marc Bloch
Towards the third way : interdisciplinary attitudes to the history and practice of listening ; report of discussions
Blending technical innovation and learned natural knowledge : the making of ethers
The garden of Pratolino : ancient technology breaks through the barriers of modern iconology
The relativity deniers
The fate of peasant-friendly plant-breeding in Nazi Germany
Late Babylonian Lugale
Dirac's bra-ket notation and the notion of a quantum state
Review of: Levine, Ari Daniel: Divided by a common language : factional conflict in late Northern Song China. Honolulu: University of Hawai‘i Press 2008
Review of: Gerbino, Antony and Stephen Johnston: Compass and rule : architecture as mathematical practice in England, 1500-1750. New Haven [u.a.]: Yale Univ. Press 2009
Review of: Mittermayer, Catherine: Enmerkara und der Herr von Arata: ein ungleicher Wettstreit. Fribourg [u.a.]: Academic Press [u.a.] 2009
On the historicity of scientific knowledge : Ludwik Fleck, Gaston Bachelard, Edmund Husserl
Historical perspectives on Erklären und Verstehen
Listening : interdisciplinary perspectives
Looking into (the) matter : scientific artifacts and atomistic iconography
An epistemology of the concrete : twentieth-century histories of life
Between welfare and warfare : the rise and fall of the 'Swedish Line' in nuclear engineering
The 'system' as a reading technology : pedagogy and philosophical criticism in Condillac's 'Traité des systêmes'
Materials and expertise in early modern Europe : between market and laboratory
Review of: Staley, Richard: Einstein’s generation: the origins of the relativity revolution. Chicago [u.a.]: The University of Chicago Press 2008
The art of exploring the unknown : views on contemporary research in the life sciences
Beyond photography : an introduction to William Henry Fox Talbot’s notebooks in the Talbot Collection at the British Library
[Abstract] Molecular biology : a paradigm of the 20th century science – On the nature of disciplines and on cultures of emergence
A new deal : post-soviet realities meet welfare state models ; in what way will this reflect on the arts?
Kurt Goldstein and the neurology of movement during the interwar years : physiological experimentation, clinical psychology and early rehabilitation
Forms of mathematization (14th-17th centuries)
Introduction : why materials?
A portable world : the notebooks of European travellers (18th to 19th centuries)
Global knowledge on the move : itineraries, Amerindian narratives, and deep histories of science
Economic planning of the free market in Israel during the first decade : the influence of Don Patinkin on Israeli policy discourse
Impreciseness in Julia Margaret Cameron’s portrait photography
The heavens on earth : observatories and astronomy in nineteenth-century science and culture
The Jewish Community of Rome: an Isolated Population? Bio-historical Narratives in Genetic Analysis in the 1950s
The cold war from a swedish perspective
Galileo engineer
Re-inventing Sinai : biblical myth, photographic imagination and the arrival of tourism
Paul Drude (1863-1906)
Cambridge platonism and the problem of organic regulation in Le Clerc's Bibliothèque choisie (1703-1706)
Historians and nationalism : East-central Europe in the nineteenth century
Genetics as a modernization program : biological research at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institutes and the political economy of the Nazi state
Imagining possibilities : in honour of Amos Funkenstein. Review of: Westman, Robert S. and David Biale (eds): Thinking impossibilities : the intellectual legacy of Amos Funkenstein. Toronto [u.a.]: University of Toronto Press 2008
The embryo project : an integrated approach to history, practices and social contexts of embryo research
Staging the heavens : astrophysics and popular astronomy in the late nineteenth century
Human nature is a garden
A new deal : post-soviet realities meet welfare state models; In what way will this reflect on the arts?
First person plural : Roman Jakobson's grammatical fictions
The model that never moved : the case of a virtual memory theater and its christian philosophical argument, 1700-1732
Oliva Sabuco de Nantes y Barrera: The true medicine
Science surveys and histories of literature : reflections on an uneasy kinship
The Moody’s virus attacks the U. S. national science board
The reception of the developmental approach in the Jewish economic discourse in Mandatory Palestine, 1934-1938
Review of: Hedenus, Michael: Der Komet in der Entladungsröhre Eugen Goldstein, Wilhelm Foerster und die Elektrizität im Weltraum. Diepholz: GNT-Verlag 2007
Einstein's unification
A complete asymptotic analysis of an oscillation-free nonlinear equation of Bessel type with a pole in the dependent variable
Pinkness of the North Atlantic Oscillation signal revisted
Science and the life-world : essays on Husserl's 'Crisis of the European sciences'
Introduction: The laboratory of nature - science in the mountains
Suddenly
The technological fix and the modern body : surgery as a paradigmatic case
Eclipse politics in France and Thailand, 1868
Putting sociology first - Reconsidering the role of the social in ‘Nature of Science’ education
The Humboldtian gaze
A new Sumerian proverb
Beauty and the beast? : conceptualizing sex in evolutionary narratives
'Youth known to An among the gods' : a new look at the 'coronation hymns' of king Šulgi
The genesis of Feynman diagrams
Review of: Kranz, H. and W. Oberschelp: Mechanisches Memorieren und Chiffrieren um 1430 : Johannes Fontanas 'Tractatus de instrumentis artis memorie'. Stuttgart: Steiner 2007
Review of: Forstner, Christian: Quantenmechanik im Kalten Krieg : David Bohm und Richard Feynman. Diepholz [u.a.]: Verl. für Geschichte der Naturwiss. und der Technik 2007
The cell as nexus : connections between the history, philosophy and science of cell biology
Cell theory, specificity, and reproduction, 1837-1870
Of locusts and scientists : Heuschrecken [locusts] by Stefan Kaegi; scenography by Dominic Huber; music by Bo Wiget. Rimini Protokoll. Schauspielhaus Zürich 2009. HAU Berlin 2010
’Hypothetical machines’ : the science fiction dreams of cold war social science
Review of: Bray, Francesca et al.: Graphics and text in the production of technical knowledge in China. Leiden: Brill 2007
The heritage of Archimedes in ship hydrostatics : 2000 years from theories to applications
Introduction to 'Writing genomics'
'Crystallogy in the making'
Claude Lévi-Strauss on race, history and genetics
The Agora of knowledge : WeltWissen [World Knowledge] 300 Jahre Wissenschaften in Berlin, Martin-Gropius-Bau, Berlin
The origins of organ transplantation : surgery and laboratory science, 1880s-1930s
Circulations : a virtual laboratory and its elements
Listening to the body electric : electrophysiology and the telephone in the late 19th century
Wired wilderness : technologies of tracking and the making of modern wildlife
Knowing Europe, Europeanising Knowledge. The Making of "Homo Europaeus" in the Life Sciences
War and peacetime research in the road to crystal frequency control
Intellectual property and cultural appropriation
Connecting with the past? A commentary
How blind Is love? : Simon Winchester's The Man Who Loved China
The war in Ariosto's Orlando furioso : a snapshot of the passage from medieval to early modern technology
Embodied stimuli : Bonnet's statue of a sensitive agent
Sharing cases : the 'observationes' in early modern medicine
The persistence of the subjective in neuropsychopharmacology : observations of contemporary hallucinogen research
[Entries] 'Schleiden', 'Schwann'
The physiological circus : knowing, representing, and training horses in motion in nineteenth-century France
Historical perspectives on Chinese metallurgy. Essay review of: Needham, Joseph: Science and civilisation in China, volume 5. Chemistry and chemical technology, part 11: ferrous metallurgy, ed. by Donald B. Wagner. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press 2008
Before calculus. Review of: Beery, Janet and Jaqueline Stedall (eds): Thomas Harriot's doctrine of triangular numbers : the 'Magisteria Magna'. Zurich: European Mathematical Society 2009
The mathematical sciences in the Safavid empire : questions and perspectives
Ayyubid princes and their scholarly clients from the ancient sciences
Cosmopolitan thought zones : South Asia and the global circulation of Ideas
'Dialectical materialism and modern physics,' an unpublished text by Max Born
Review of: Schmalzer, Sigrid: The people's Peking man : popular science and human identity in twentieth-century China. Chicago: University of Chicago Press 2008
What is an 'organism'? : on the occurence of a new term and its conceptual transformations 1680-1850
'In fact one cannot see it without laughing' : the spectacle of the kangaroo in London, 1770-1830
Making room for new faces : evolution, genomics, and the growth of bioinformatics
Five decades of computer-aided ship design
Review of: Ruiz-Castell, Pedro: Astronomy and astrophysics in Spain (1850-1914). Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing 2008
The transformation of ancient mechanics into a mechanistic world view
Max Planck in seinem Wirken für die Physikalische Gesellschaft und die 'Annalen der Physik'
Meeting disciplinary boundaries : towards a more inclusive philosophy of the life sciences
Call to reshape university curricula
The first disappearance of Mach's Plaque
Review of: Thomson, Ann: Bodies of thought : science, religion, and the soul in the early enlightenment. Oxford: Oxford Univ. Press 2008
A scientific style in technology : Neumann's school of physics in technological research
Surfaces of action : cells and membranes in electrochemistry and the life sciences
The search for an image of man
Psychology is not a metarepresentational device
Exploring the senses and exploiting the land : railroads, bodies and measurement in nineteenth-century French colonies
Omnis fibra ex fibra : fibre oeconomies in Bonnet’s and Diderot’s models of organic order
The human nervous system – a clavichord? On the use of metaphors in the history of modern neurology
The cerebralization of fatigue: an analysis of the cerebral hypothesis in the case of chronic fatigue syndrome
Made in the USSR : design of electronic/ electrical systems in the Soviet Union from Khruschev’s thaw to Gorbachev’s perestroika
Kant and the scientific study of consciousness
On historicizing epistemology : an essay
Meaning of inclusion throughout the history of the paralympic games and movement
From numerate apprenticeship to divine quantification. Review of: Robson, Eleanor: Mathematics in ancient Iraq : a social history. Princeton University Press 2008
Electron diffraction chez Thomson : early responses to quantum physics in Britain
Intralingual variation of spatial concepts in an Athapaskan language
Solid-state chemistry in France : structures and dynamics of a scientific commnity since World War II
Guidobaldo del Monte's Mechanicorum liber
Foreword: The historical epistemology of mechanics
Architecture as a mechanical problem : a 'new' Renaissance manuscript and some old stories
Skin disease and the doctor
Civil scientists : Dutch scientist between 1750 and 1875
Introduction : observatory techniques in nineteenth-century science and society
Ancient Babylonian medicine : theory and practice
Review of: Bacciagaluppi, Guido and Antony Valentini: Quantum theory at the crossroads: reconsidering the 1927 Solvay conference. Cambrigde: Cambrigde Univ. Press 2009
Michelson and the observatory : physics and the astronomical community in late nineteenth-century America
Religious truth and scientific relativism
A forgotten little chapter on isoperimetric inequalities : on the fraction of a convex and closed plane area lying outside a circle with which it shares a diameter
Review of: Hillemann, Ulrike: Asian Empire and British knowledge : China and the networks of British Imperial expansion. New York: Palgrave Macmillan 2009
Faces drawn in the sand : a rescue project of native peoples’ photographs stored at the Museum of La Plata, Argentina
Corrigenda to N.A.B.U. 2/2010, no. 32
Being charitable to scientific controversies : lessons from the debate on the demonstrativity of experimentum crucis