When Worlds Collide. How europäische Rechtsgeschichte came to Oxford
Legal Families
DOUBLETTE!!!!!!!!!! When Worlds Collide : How europäische Rechtsgeschichte came to Oxford
The Historical Roots of European Legal Culture
Security and "gute policey" in early modern Europe: concepts, laws and instruments
War as Political and Constitutional Discourse: Imperial Warfare and the Military Constitution of the Holy Roman Empire in the Politics of the Permanent Diet (1663-1806)
Prout imperialem decuit maiestatem procedens in magna gloria. Reisekönigtum und materielle Hofkultur im 12. und 13. Jahrhundert
Concepts, models and traditions of a comparative European constitutional history
Masking, Blurring, Replacing : Can the Undocumented Migrant Have a Face in Film?
What if New Zealand had reintroduced an upper house?
Onward with Executive Power: Lessons from New Zealand
Civil Arrest as a Means of Enforcement of Civil Judgments: Dickensian or Indispensable ?
Common Frame of Reference and UNIDROIT Principles of International Commercial Contracts: Coexistence, Competition, or Overkill of Soft Law?
Promoting Normative Cracks in the Surface: Strasbourg Changing Swedish Legal Culture
Saving Migrants. A Transnational Network supporting Supranational Bird Protection Policy in the 1970s
The Indian Version of First among Equals – Executive Power during the First Decade of Independence
Non-State Actors in European Integration in the 1970s: Towards a Polity of Transnational Contestation
Automobile Standardisation in Europe. Between Technological Choices and Neo-protectionism
Cases, Materials and Text on Contract Law
The European Committee for Economic and Social Progress: Business Networks between Atlantic and European Communities
The Oxford Study on Costs and Funding of Civil Litigation
The European Public Sphere. Media and Transnational Communication in European Integration 1969-1991
Independence and identity ignored? New Zealand's reactions to the Statute of Westminster
The Melting Pot or the Salad Bowl Revisited - Rendezvous of Legal Cultures at the European Court of Human Rights
The Costs and Funding of Civil Litigation: A Comparative Perspective
Unicameralism: The Strange Eventful Death of the Legislative Council of New Zealand
Executive Power - 60 Years On Has Anything Changed?
[Review of: Habermas, Jürgen. Europe. The Faltering Project. Cambridge: Polity Press 2009]
Greening Europe? Environmental Interest Groups and the Europeanization of a New Policy Field