Noradrenaline inhibits exocytosis via the G protein βγ subunit and refilling of the readily releasable granule pool via the αi1/2 subunit.
The transcription elongation factor Bur1-Bur2 interacts with replication protein A and maintains genome stability during replication stress
RNA polymerase I contains a TFIIF-related DNA-binding subcomplex
APPL proteins FRET at the BAR: Direct observation of APPL1 and APPL2 BAR domain-mediated interactions on cell membranes using FRET microscopy.
The relation between the interfacial contact and SiO2 coating efficiency and properties in the case of two clarithromycin polymorphs.
NMR spectroscopy in the milli-Tesla regime: Measurement of H-1 chemical-shift differences below the line width.
Optimum levels of exchangeable protons in perdeuterated proteins for proton detection in MAS solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Identification of hydroxyl protons, determination of their exchange dynamics, and characterization of hydrogen bonding in a microcrystallin protein.
Towards molecular systems biology of gene transcription and regulation
Deceleration of neutral molecules in macroscopic traveling traps.
Post-CMOS fabrication of working electrodes for on-chip recordings of transmitter release.
The role of the transmembrane domain of synaptobrevin in exocytosis.
Narrow carbonyl resonances in proton-diluted proteins facilitate NMR assignments in the solid-state.
Direct synthesis of quaternized polymer brushes and their applications for guiding neuronal growth.
Of bits and bugs - On the use of bioinformatics and a bacterial crystal structure to solve a eukaryotic repeat-protein structure.
Evolution of outer membrane beta-barrels from an ancestral beta beta hairpin.
Systematic synthesis of functional unsymmetric FeZn model complexes for plant purple acid phosphatases.
Preparation and topology of the Mediator middle module
Architecture of the RNA polymerase II–TFIIF complex revealed by cross‐linking and mass spectrometry
Molecular basis of RNA polymerase III transcription repression by Maf1
Synthesis and properties of novel Ba(II)Fe(III) layered double hydroxides.
Assignment of dynamic regions in biological solids enabled by spin-state selective NMR experiments.
A galaxy of folds.
Cryo-EM structure and rRNA model of a translating eukaryotic 80S ribosome at 5.5-angstrom resolution.
Localization of eukaryote-specific ribosomal proteins in a 5.5-angstrom cryo-EM map of the 80S eukaryotic ribosome.
A tandem SH2 domain in transcription elongation factor Spt6 binds the phosphorylated RNA polymerase II C-terminal repeat domain (CTD)
Nonhydrolyzable ubiquitin-isopeptide isosteres as deubiquitinating enzyme probes.
Ion-size effect within the aqueous solution interface at the Pt(111) surface: Molecular dynamics studies.
The 20S proteasome splicing activity discovered by SpliceMet.
Paths from weak to strong coupling in NMR.
Comparison of solid-state dipolar couplings and solution relaxation data provides insight into protein backbone dynamics.
Sheet-like carbon particles with graphene structures obtained from a Bunsen flame.
Targeted photoswitchable probe for nanoscopy of biological structures.
Uniform transitions of the general RNA polymerase II transcription complex.
Structural evolution of indomethacin particles upon milling: Time-resolved quantification and localization of disordered structure studied by IGC and DSC.
Combined in situ small- and wide-angle X-ray scattering studies of particle formation processes in reactive systems using a new detector prototype.
Push-and-pull regulation of the fusion pore by synaptotagmin-7.
Role of the synaptobrevin C-terminus in fusion pore formation.
Hormonal inhibition of endocytosis: novel roles for noradrenaline and G protein Gz.
Spt4/5 stimulates transcription elongation through the RNA polymerase clamp coiled-coil motif
The archaeo-eukaryotic primase of plasmid pRN1 requires a helix bundle domain for faithful primer synthesis
The molecular cell death machinery in the simple cnidarian Hydra includes an expanded caspase family and pro- and anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins.
ABC-SysBio-approximate Bayesian computation in Python with GPU support.
Minimizing light exposure with the programmable array microscope.
Highly preorganized pyrazolate-bridged palladium(II) and nickel(II) complexes in bimetallic norbornene polymerization.
Peptide ligands selected with CD4-induced epitopes on native dualtropic HIV-1 envelope proteins mimic extracellular coreceptor domains and bind to HIV-1 gp120 independently of coreceptor usage.
What is rate-limiting during sustained synaptic activity: vesicle supply or the availability of release sites.
Dsl1p/Zw10: common mechanisms behind tethering vesicles and microtubules.
An ancient mechanism for splicing control: U11 snRNP as an activator of alternative splicing.
Magnetic resonance imaging in real time: Advances using radial FLASH.
Birefringent device converts a standard scanning microscope into a STED microscope that also maps molecular orientation.
Ab initio studies of ultrafast x-ray scattering of the photodissociation of iodine.
Probing secondary structures of spin-labeled RNA by pulsed EPR spectroscopy.
The sugar ring of the nucleoside is required for productive substrate positioning in the active site of human deoxycytidine kinase (dCK): Implications for the development of dCK-activated acyclic guanine analogues.
Hearing requires otoferlin-dependent efficient replenishment of synaptic vesicles in hair cells.
A conserved activation element in BMP signaling during Drosophila development.
Dynamics and energetics of solute permeation through the Plasmodium falciparum aquaglyceroporin.
Structural and thermodynamic determinants of chain-melting transition temperatures for phospholipid and glycolipids membranes.
Photoluminescence properties of a molecular organic switching system.
Reprogramming into pancreatic endocrine cells based on developmental cues.
Specific visualization of glioma cells in living low-grade tumor tissue.
Absolute and relative quantification of proteins in large protein-RNA assemblies by mass spectrometry.
Photodimerization of crystalline 9-anthracenecarboxylic acid: A nontopotactic autocatalytic transformation.
Thermodynamic and kinetic framework of selenocysteyl-tRNA(Sec) recognition by elongation factor SelB.
Toward a consensus model of the hERG potassium channel.
Myelin mapping in the living mouse brain using manganese-enhanced magnetization transfer MRI.
Cryonegative staining of macromolecular assemblies.
Rab3 proteins involved in vesicle biogenesis and priming in embryonic mouse chromaffin cells.
Development of a multipurpose vacuum chamber for serial optical and diffraction experiments with free electron laser radiation.
Multicolor fluorescence nanoscopy in fixed and living cells by exciting conventional fluorophores with a single wavelength.
Human PRP4 kinase is required for stable tri-snRNP association during spliceosomal B complex formation.
Far-field autofluorescence nanoscopy.
Diffraction properties of periodic lattices under free electron laser radiation.
The ribosome-bound initiation factor 2 recruits initiator tRNA to the 30S initiation complex.
ERK nuclear translocation is dimerization-independent but controlled by the rate of phosphorylation.
Metastable dark states enable ground state depletion microscopy of nitrogen vacancy centers in diamond with diffraction-unlimited resolution.
Synaptic membrane proteins form stable microdomains in early endosomes.
Single-molecule STED microscopy with photostable organic fluorophores.
Enzyme reaction in the pores of CaCO3 particles upon ultrasound disruption of attached substrate-filled liposomes.
STED microscopy with compact light sources.
Triplet imaging of oxygen consumption during the contraction of a single smooth muscle cell (A7r5).
Spin-label EPR for determining polarity and proticity in biomolecular assemblies: Transmembrane profiles.
Modular architecture of Munc13/calmodulin complexes: Dual regulation by Ca2+ and possible function in short-term synaptic plasticity.
Molecular basis of the light-driven switching of the photochromic fluorescent protein padron.
Exon definition complexes contain the tri-snRNP and can be directly converted into B-like precatalytic splicing complexes.
Regulation of exosome secretion by Rab35 and its GTPase-activating proteins TBC1D10A–C.
DDX6 recruits translational silenced human reticulocyte 15-lipoxygenase mRNA to RNP granules.
Molecular volumes of phospholipids and glycolipids in membranes.
Intramolecular charge transfer with 1-tert-butyl-6-cyano-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline (NTC6) and other aminobenzonitriles. A comparison of experimental vapor phase spectra and crystal structures with calculations.
Ligand docking and binding site analysis with PyMOL and Autodock/Vina.
The crystal structure of PPIL1 bound to cyclosporine A suggests a binding mode for a linear epitope of the SKIP protein.
Real-time cardiovascular magnetic resonance at high temporal resolution: radial FLASH with nonlinear inverse reconstruction.
Adrenal glucocorticoids have a key role in circadian resynchronization in a mouse model of jet lag.
Primary changes of the mechanical properties of Southern Bean Mosaic Virus upon calcium removal.
Phosphorylation of synucleins by members of the polo-like kinase family.
The architecture of an excitatory synapse.
Essential role of a trypanosome U4-specific Sm core protein in small nuclear ribonucleoprotein assembly and splicing.
Targeted cellular delivery of Quantum Dots loaded on and in biotinylated liposomes.
Characterization of tailor-made copolymers of oligo(ethylene glycol) methyl ether methacrylate and N,N-dimethylaminoethyl methacrylate as nonviral gene transfer agents: Influence of macromolecular structure on gene vector particle properties and transfection efficiency.
Mapping the binding site of snurportin 1 on native U1 snRNP by cross-linking and mass spectrometry.
Amyloid-like interactions within nucleoporin FG hydrogels.
Stimulated emission depletion nanoscopy of living cells using SNAP-tag fusion proteins.
Intramolecular charge transfer with fluorazene and N-phenylpyrrole.
Protein refolding is required for assembly of the type three secretion needle.
Multivesicular release differentiates the reliability of synaptic transmission between the visual cortex and the somatosensory cortex.
Chemomechanical regulation of SNARE proteins studied with molecular dynamics simulations.
Hydrophilic linkers and polar contacts affect aggregation of FG repeat peptides.
Fast molecular tracking maps nanoscale dynamics of plasma membrane lipids.
Target-dependent feedforward inhibition mediated by short-term synaptic plasticity in the cerebellum.
Signal/noise analysis of FRET-based sensors.
Fluorescent ratiometric MFC probe sensitive to early stages of α-synuclein aggregation.
Quantitative analysis of synaptic vesicle Rabs uncovers distinct yet overlapping roles for Rab3a and Rab27b in Ca2+-triggered exocytosis.
Drug design for G-protein-coupled receptors by a ligand-based NMR method.
Analytical description of STED microscopy performance.
Automatic deconvolution in 4Pi-microscopy with variable phase.
Extraction of proteins from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue using the Qproteome extraction technique and preparation of tryptic peptides for liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis.
Regulation of Rap2A by the ubiquitin ligase Nedd4-1 controls neurite development.
Synaptobrevin N-terminally bound to syntaxin–SNAP-25 defines the primed vesicle state in regulated exocytosis.
The intronic splicing code: Multiple factors involved in ATM pseudoexon definition.
Fine tuning of the E-coli NusB: NusE complex affinity to BoxA RNA is required for processive antitermination.
Characterization of coupled ground state and excited state equilibria by fluorescence spectral deconvolution.
Determination of protein stoichiometry within protein complexes using absolute quantification and multiple reaction monitoring.
Phosphorylation at S87 is enhanced in synucleinopathies, inhibits α-synuclein oligomerization and influences synuclein-membrane interactions.
The crystal structure of unmodified tRNAPhe from Escherichia coli.
Systematic analysis of human protein complexes identifies chromosome segregation proteins.
Supramolecular interactions probed by 13C−13C solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Potentials of mean force and permeabilities for carbon dioxide, ammonia, and water flux across a Rhesus protein channel and lipid membranes.
Roles of the ubiquitin-proteosome system in neurogenesis.
Bassoon and the synaptic ribbon organize Ca2+ channels and vesicles to add release sites and promote refilling.
Elevated phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate in glia triggers cell-autonomous membrane wrapping and myelination.
Pancreatic beta-cells: From generation to regeneration.
Ultrafast potential softening of 1-dimensional organic conductors revealed by picosecond time-resolved Laue crystallography
Protein thermostability calculations using alchemical free energy simulations.
Dynamic imaging of colloidal-crystal nanostructures at 200 frames per second.
Conformational transitions upon ligand binding: Holo-structure prediction from apo conformations.
New fluorinated rhodamines for optical microscopy and nanoscopy.
The Candida albicans cell wall protein Rhd3/Pga29 is abundant in the yeast form and contributes to virulence.
A “Force Buffer” protecting immunoglobulin titin.
Red-emitting rhodamine dyes for fluorescence microscopy and nanoscopy.
Mutations at the accommodation gate of the ribosome impair RF2-dependent translation termination.
An unusual hydrophobic core confers extreme flexibility to HEAT repeat proteins.
First steps towards probing chemical systems and dynamics with free-electron laser radiation-–case studies at the FLASH facility.
Pseudo-neutral-loss scan for selective detection of phosphopeptides and N-glycopeptides using liquid chromatography coupled with a hybrid linear ion-trap/orbitrap mass spectrometer.
Rhodamines NN: A novel class of caged fluorescent dyes
GraFix: Stabilization of fragile macromolecular complexes for single particle Cryo-EM
The MIS12 complex is a protein interaction hub for outer kinetochore assembly.
Crystal structure of an intramolecular chaperone mediating triple–β-helix folding.
Spectroscopic rationale for efficient stimulated-emission depletion microscopy fluorophores.
PERILIPIN-dependent control of lipid droplet structure and fat storage in Drosophila.
NES consensus redefined by structures of PKI-type and Rev-type nuclear export signals bound to CRM1.
Structural and functional analysis of exportin-cargo recognition.
Atomic-resolution three-dimensional structure of HET-s(218−289) amyloid fibrils by solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Quantitative structural analysis of importin-β flexibility: Paradigm for solenoid protein structures.
High- and low-mobility stages in the synaptic vesicle cycle.
Phylogenetic studies of the vesicular fusion machinery.
VGLUTs—potential targets for the treatment of seizures?
Large-format, high-speed, X-ray pnCCDs combined with electron and ion imaging spectrometers in a multipurpose chamber for experiments at 4th generation light sources.
Protein dynamics detected in a membrane-embedded potassium channel using two-dimensional solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Nonlinear inverse reconstruction for real-time MRI of the human heart using undersampled radial FLASH.
Spontaneous quaternary and tertiary T-R transitions of human hemoglobin in molecular dynamics simulation.
Molecular architecture of the human Prp19/CDC5L complex.
Light-induced structural changes in a photosynthetic reaction center caught by Laue diffraction.
Comparing video-rate STED nanoscopy and confocal microscopy of living neurons.
Structure parameters of synaptic vesicles quantified by small-angle x-ray scattering.
A plate reader-based method for cell water permeability measurement.
Computer simulations of photobiological processes: The effect of the protein environment
Water 1H relaxation dispersion analysis on a nitroxide radical provides information on the maximal signal enhancement in Overhauser dynamic nuclear polarization experiments.
Characterization of horizontal lipid bilayers as a model system to study lipid phase separation.
Allosteric control of promoter DNA bending by cyclic AMP receptor and cyclic AMP.
A fluorescence-based in vitro assay for investigating early endosome dynamics.
In vitro study of interaction of synaptic vesicles with lipid membranes.
Induction of terminal differentiation in melanoma cells on downregulation of β-amyloid precursor protein.
Limited intermixing of synaptic vesicle components upon vesicle recycling.
One SNARE complex is sufficient for membrane fusion.
Quantitative comparison of glutamatergic and GABAergic synaptic vesicles unveils selectivity for few proteins including MAL2, a novel synaptic vesicle protein.
The ribosome goes Nobel.
Shuttle DNP spectrometer with a two-center magnet.
The native conformation of the human VDAC1 N terminus.
Two-color STED microscopy reveals different degrees of colocalization between hexokinase-I and the three human VDAC isoforms.
An approach for de novo structure determination of dynamic molecular assemblies by electron cryomicroscopy.
Ribosome dynamics and tRNA movement by time-resolved electron cryomicroscopy.
Nanosecond dynamics of photoexcited lyotropic liquid crystal structures.
A genetic system to assess in vivo the functions of histones and histone modifications in higher eukaryotes.
Lipid droplets: A dynamic organelle moves into focus.
Nanoscale engineering and optical addressing of single spins in diamond.
Energy homeostasis regulation in Drosophila: A lipocentric perspective.
Structure and dynamics of a two-helix SNARE complex in live cells.
Complexin2 null mutation requires a ‘second hit’ for induction of phenotypic changes relevant to schizophrenia.
Probing water accessibility in HET-s(218–289) amyloid fibrils by solid-state NMR.
Merging molecular electron microscopy and mass spectrometry by carbon film-assisted endoproteinase digestion.
Biological dose estimation of UVA laser microirradiation utilizing charged particle-induced protein foci.
Structural and kinetic characterization of human deoxycytidine kinase variants able to phosphorylate 5-substituted deoxycytidine and thymidine analogues.
miR-212 and miR-132 are required for epithelial stromal interactions necessary for mouse mammary gland development.
Real-time MRI at a resolution of 20 ms.
Highly specific antibodies for co-detection of human choline kinase α1 and α2 isoforms.
Entacapone and Tolcapone, two catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors (ICOMT), block fibril formation of {alpha}-synuclein and {beta}-amyloid and protect against amyloid-induced toxicity.
Distribution of resting and ligand-bound ErbB1 and ErbB2 receptor tyrosine kinases in living cells using number and brightness analysis.
Tailored low-power cross-polarization under fast magic-angle spinning.
Estimating absolute configurational entropies of macromolecules: The minimally coupled subspace approach.
A Syd-1 homologue regulates pre- and postsynaptic maturation in Drosophila.
Automated pipeline for atlas-based annotation of gene expression patterns: Application to postnatal day 7 mouse brain.
Fast STED microscopy with continuous wave fiber lasers.
Protein Tpr is required for establishing nuclear pore-associated zones of heterochromatin exclusion.
Reconstruction and dissection of the entire human visual pathway using diffusion tensor MRI.
Ultrathin nucleoporin FG repeat films and their interaction with nuclear transport receptors.
Coilin-dependent snRNP assembly is essential for zebrafish embryogenesis.
Liquid-ordered phases induced by cholesterol: A compendium of binary phase diagrams.
Membrane microheterogeneity: Förster resonance energy transfer characterization of lateral membrane domains.
Probing molecular motion by double-quantum (13C,13C) solid-state NMR spectroscopy: application to ubiquitin.
Identification of hoxb1b downstream genes: hoxb1b as a regulatory factor controlling transcriptional networks and cell movement during zebrafish gastrulation.
Optimization of dynamic nuclear polarization experiments in aqueous solution at 15 MHz/9.7 GHz: a comparative study with DNP at 140 MHz/94 GHz.
Protein synthesis meets ABC ATPases: new roles for Rli1/ABCE1
Effects in 94 GHz orientation-selected PELDOR on a rigid pair of radicals with non-collinear axes.
g_membed: Efficient insertion of a membrane protein into an equilibrated lipid bilayer with minimal perturbation.
Fast vesicle fusion in living cells requires at least three SNARE complexes.
Scrutinizing molecular mechanics force fields on the submicrosecond timescale with NMR data.
A versatile route to red-emitting carbopyronine dyes for optical microscopy and nanscopy.
Evolution of CASK into a Mg2+-sensitive kinase.
Electron spin resonance in membrane research: protein-lipid interactions from challenging beginnings to state of the art.
Role of the synaptobrevin C terminus in fusion pore formation.
Dynamics of SRP-ribosome interactions.
Functional principles of the permeability barrier that guards vertebrate nuclear pore complexes.
Macaque ganglion cell responses to probe stimuli on modulated backgrounds.
Reflectivity measurements on liquid water with free electron laser radiation.
Paraffin-embedded and frozen sections of Drosophila adult muscles.
Functional analysis of mitochondrial sirtuins in C. elegans and mammalian cells
Enhanced generation of single optically active spins in diamond by ion implantation.
Nickel related optical centres in diamond created by ion implantation.
Complex formation and light activation in membrane-embedded sensory rhodopsin II as seen by solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Time averaging of NMR chemical shifts in the MLF peptide in the solid state.
What stabilizes the 314-helix in beta3-peptides? A conformational analysis using molecular simulation.
Energy dissipation in microfluidic beam resonators.
Synaptic vesicles studied by SAXS: Derivation and validation of a model form factor.
Binding of glutamate to the umami receptor.
Quantitative analysis of Förster resonance energy transfer from spectrally resolved fluorescence measurements.
Vibrational overtone excitation in electron mediated energy transfer at metal surfaces.
Site-specific photocatalytic splitting of methanol on TiO2(110).
Absolute configuration and docking study of canescensterone, a potent phytoecdysteroid, with non-lepidopteran ecdysteroid receptor selectivity.
SNARE protein recycling by alpha SNAP and beta SNAP supports synaptic vesicle priming.
The binding mode of side chain- and C3-modified epothilones to tubulin.
Bicoid - morphogen function revisited.
Mutual capture of dipolar molecules at low and very low energies. I. Approximate analytical treatment.
Formation of a Bazooka-Stardust complex is essential for plasma membrane polarity in epithelia.
Bioinorganic chemistry of Parkinson's disease: Structural determinants for the copper-mediated amyloid formation of Alpha-Synuclein.
Ultrafast intramolecular charge transfer with N-(4-cyanophenyl)carbazole. Evidence for a LE precursor and dual LE plus ICT fluorescence.
The transcription factor HNF1 alpha regulates expression of chloride-proton exchanger ClC-5 in the renal proximal tubule.
Spectral properties of molecular charge-transfer probe QMOM.
Functional dynamics in the voltage-dependent anion channel.
Pentacyano-N,N-dimethylaniline in the excited state. Only locally excited state emission, in spite of the large electron affinity of the pentacyanobenzene subgroup.
Characterization of LIN-61 methyl mark binding and its function in C. elegans vulva development.
Towards a recombinant in vitro translation system from wheat.
Effects of heterochromatin protein 1 on chromatin transcription and architecture
Generation of tunable narrow bandwidth nanosecond pulses in the deep ultraviolet for efficient optical pumping and high resolution spectroscopy.
In situ real-time monitoring of Pt-VO2 nanoparticle-nanowire assembly by GISAXS.
Temperature and pressure dependence of the reaction 2CF(3) (+ M) double left right arrow C2F6 (+ M).
Shock wave study of the thermal decomposition of CF3 and CF2 radicals.
Induction of terminal differentiation in melanoma cells on downregulation of beta-amyloid precursor protein.
A coiled coil trigger site is essential for rapid binding of synaptobrevin to the SNARE acceptor complex.
Effect of the Delta Phe residue configuration on a didehydropeptides conformation: A combined CD and NMR study.
Experimental and modeling study of thermal rate coefficients and cross sections for electron attachment to C60
Applicability of an EM-CCD for spatially resolved TIR-ICS.
The modulation of synaptic transmission at the Calyx of Held synapse.
Quantum register based on coupled electron spins in a room-temperature solid.
Electron capture by finite-size polarizable molecules and clusters.
2-aminopurine incorporation perturbs the dynamics and structure of DNA.
A new approach to fluorescence microscopy.
Erucylphosphohomocholine, the first intravenously applicable alkylphosphocholine, is cytotoxic to acute myelogenous leukemia cells through JNK- and PP2A-dependent mechanisms.
Retinal connectivity and primate vision.
Cortical domain correction repositions the polarity boundary to match the cytokinesis furrow in C. elegans embryos.
3D cryo-EM structure of an active step I spliceosome and localization of its catalytic core.
Structural and functional analysis of the NusB-S10 complex shared between transcription and translation.
Chromatin methylation activity of Dnmt3a and Dnmt3a/3L is guided by interaction of the ADD domain with the histone H3 tail.
Quantum chemical characterization of low-lying excited states of an aryl peroxycarbonate: Mechanistic implications for photodissociation.
Assignment of carotene S* state features to the vibrationally hot ground electronic state.
A novel Nop5–sRNA interaction that is required for efficient archaeal box C/D sRNP formation.
Furin-mediated proteolytic activation of Drosophila FGF homologue branchless.
Erufosine, a novel alkylphosphocholine, induces apoptosis in CLL through a caspase-dependent pathway.
Circadian clocks and metabolism
TiO2 nanowire growth driven by phosphorus-doped nanocatalysis.
Substrate binding on the APC/C occurs between the coactivator Cdh1 and the processivity factor Doc1.
Functional organization of the Sm core in the crystal structure of human U1 snRNP.
Some currently neglected aspects of cholinergic function.
E2F1-inducible microRNA 449a/b suppresses cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis.
Endosomal sorting of readily releasable synaptic vesicles.
Far-field optical imaging and manipulation of individual spins with nanoscale resolution.
Voltage-regulated water flux through aquaporin channels in silico.
Identification of novel spinal cholinergic genetic subtypes disclose Chodl and Pitx2 as markers for fast motor neurons and partition cells.
Sound-driven fluid dynamics in pressurized carbon dioxide.
Automatic assignment of the intrinsically disordered protein Tau with 441-residues.
The β-ketoadipate pathway of Acinetobacter baylyi undergoes carbon catabolite repression, cross-regulation and vertical regulation, and is affected by Crc.
Contribution of the radical-complex mechanism to the rate of the reaction CH3 + O-2 (+ M) -> CH3O2 (+ M) at high pressures.
Detection and identification of protein-phosphorylation sites in histidines through HNP correlation patterns.
Q&A: Single-molecule localization microscopy for biological imaging.
Organization and properties of a novel amphiphilic crown-ether dye in monolayers at the air/water interface.
Mechanobiology: Correlation between mechanical stability of microcapsules studied by AFM and impact of cell-induced stresses.
Sub-optical resolution of single spins using magnetic resonance imaging at room temperature in diamond.
Necessary and sufficient conditions for linear convergence of ℓ1-regularization.
Opposing functions of two sub-domains of the SNARE-complex in neurotransmission.
Complexin: Does it deserve its name?
The mechanisms underlying synaptic transmission at the layer 4 of sensory cortical areas.
Epigenetic markers and their cross-talk.
Chemical synthesis of modified RNA.
Sparsity in inverse geophysical problems.
Sensing ligands by periplasmic sensing histidine kinases with sensory PAS domains.
How the cholinesterases got their modern names.
VDAC, a multi-functional mitochondrial protein regulating cell life and death.
NMR characterization of long-range order in intrinsically disordered proteins.
Characterization of purified human Bact spliceosomal complexes reveals compositional and morphological changes during spliceosome activation and first step catalysis.
Sensing by the membrane-bound sensor kinase DcuS: Exogenous versus endogenous sensing of C-4-dicarboxylates in bacteria.
Combinatorial mutation interference analysis reveals functional nucleotides required for DNA catalysis.
Reaction networks for interstellar chemical modelling: Improvements and challenges.
MicroRNA-449a levels increase by several orders of magnitude during mucociliary differentiation of airway epithelia.
Optimization of speed and accuracy of decoding in translation.
The cross-sectional GRAS sample: A comprehensive phenotypical data collection of schizophrenic patients.
The absolute configuration of dibromopalau'amine.
Size of thermosensitive liposomes influences content release.
Correlation of Car S1 -> Chl with Chl -> Car S1 energy transfer supports the excitonic model in quenched light harvesting complex II.
Functional analysis of transcription factor mScrt2 in cortical neurogenesis.
1H, 13C and 15N resonance assignments of the Calmodulin-Munc13-1 peptide complex.
Rotational and vibrational cooling in pulsed high-pressure molecular beam expansions from 3 bar into the supercritical regime.
Correlation of electronic carotenoid-chlorophyll interactions and fluorescence quenching with the aggregation of native LHC II and chlorophyll deficient mutants.
Identification and characterization of novel classes of macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) inhibitors with distinct mechanisms of action.
Locus ceruleus controls Alzheimer's disease pathology by modulating microglial functions through norepinephrine.
Characterization of amyloid fibrils of human beta-2-microglobulin by high-resolution magic-angle spinning NMR.
Interaction of Epothilone B (Patupilone) with microtubules as detected by two-dimensional solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Tin-oxide-nanowire-based electronic nose using heterogeneous catalysis as a functionalization strategy.
Surface three-dimensional velocity map imaging: A new technique for the study of photodesorption dynamics.
First steps towards probing chemical systems and dynamics with free-electron laser radiation–case studies at the FLASH facility.
A common origin of synaptic vesicles undergoing evoked and spontaneous fusion.
Proteomic basics — quantification and post-translational modifications of proteins: The 3rd European Summer School in Kloster Neustift.
Drosophila as a lipotoxicity model organism - more than a promise?
Protein localization in electron micrographs using fluorescence nanoscopy.
Molecular orientation affects localization accuracy in superresolution far-field fluorescence microscopy.
Quantum dot blueing and blinking enables fluorescence nanoscopy.
g_wham-A free weighted histogram analysis implementation including robust error and autocorrelation estimates.
Ribosome dynamics and tRNA movement by time-resolved electron cryomicroscopy
Ultrafast solvation dynamics of 12′-apo-β-carotenoic-12′-acid in [C6mim]+[Tf2N]−.
The role and regulation of Dystrophin glycoprotein complex in muscular dystrophy development in Drosophila.
On the self-regularization property of the EM algorithm for Poisson inverse problems.
Locking of the intrinsic angular momentum in the capture of quadrupole diatoms by ions.
Intrinsic shape analysis: Geodesic principal component analysis for Riemannian manifolds modulo Lie group actions. Discussion paper with rejoinder.
Chemical RNA modifications for studies of RNA structure and dynamics.
Sleep, immunity, and circadian clocks: A mechanistic model.
The intermembrane space domain of Tim23 is intrinsically disordered with a distinct binding region for presequences.
TRIM24 links a non-canonical histone signature to breast cancer.
Stimulated emission depletion microscopy with stimulated Raman scattering light sources.
High sensitivity magnetic imaging using an array of spins in diamond.
Crystal structure analysis of selenocysteine biosynthesis components.
Identification and characterization of ADNP as a novel heterochromatin component.
Mixed monolayers of a rhodamine derivative.
Rapid FlAsH labelling in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Toward attogram mass measurements in solution with suspended nanochannel resonators.
Spatiotemporally restricted regulation of generic motor neuron programs by miR-196-mediated repression of Hoxb8.
Quantum-classical modeling of photoisomerization of polyatomic molecules.
t-SNARE protein conformations patterned by the lipid microenvironment.
Modeling the growth of fingerprints improves matching for adolescents.
The Akt-inhibitor Erufosine induces apoptotic cell death in prostate cancer cells and increases the short term effects of ionizing radiation.
cAMP modulates intracellular Ca2+ sensitivity of fast-releasing synaptic vesicles at the calyx of Held synapse.
Molten globule precursor states are conformationally correlated to amyloid fibrils of human β-2-microglobulin.
Thermal stability of the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) receptors, CD4 and CXCR4, reconstituted in proteoliposomes.
Quantification of protein-lipid selectivity using FRET.
Growth direction determination of a single RuO2 nanowire by polarized Raman spectroscopy.
A surface femtosecond two-photon photoemission spectrometer for excited electron dynamics and time-dependent photochemical kinetics.
The ribosome goes Nobel
Detection of fast diffusing molecules in the membrane of living cells.