The five senses and the knowledge of God
Sovereign Infamy. Grotesque Helmets, Masks of Shame and the Prehistory of Caricature
Vesting walls, displaying structure, crossing cultures : transmedial and transmaterial dynamics of ornament
Reading Allan Marquand's "On Scientific Method in the Study of Art"
Historiography – Visual Arts – Islamic
Meyer Schapiro, Abstract Expressionism, and the Paradox of Freedom in Art Historical Description
Giorgio Vasari: Study for a Priest Kneeling before an Altar (personification of Bontà) = Giorgio Vasari: Studie für knienden Priester vor einem Altar (Personifikation der Bontà) (catalog no. 119)
Giorgio Vasari: Personification of Virtù = Giorgio Vasari: Personifikation der Virtù (catalog no. 122)
Mshatta in Berlin: Keystones of Islamic Art (Connecting Art Histories in the Museum ; 3)
The late Trecento in Santa Croce in Gerusalemme : Napoleone and Nicola Orsini, the Carthusians, and the triptych of Saint Gregory
Aristotle's Bloody Mirror and Natural Science in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
Territory and the tomb : Enrico Dandolo's final resting place in Hagia Sophia
The Hidden Sides of the Salerno Ivories. Hypotheses about the Original Object, Program, and Cultural Milieu
From 'bad' to 'good' : Baroque architecture through a century of art historiography and politics : review of: Baroque and the political language of formalism (1845 - 1945) : Burckhardt, Wölfflin, Gurlitt, Brinckmann, Sedlmayr / Evonne Levy, 2015
The joy of automata and Cistercian monasteries : from Boxley in Kent to San Galgano in Tuscany
[Review of] From Giotto to Botticelli : the artistic patronage of the Humiliati in Florence / Julia I. Miller and Laurie Taylor-Mitchell, 2015
Solomon, Lord of the Rings: Fashioning the Signet of Power from Electrum to Nuḥās
Giorgio Vasari: Study for the Holy Family with St Anne and the Infant John = Giorgio Vasari: Studie für Heilige Familie mit der heiligen Anna und dem Johannesknaben (catalog no. 116)
Giorgio Vasari: Study for Vulcan’s Forge = Giorgio Vasari: Studie für die Schmiede des Vulkan (catalog no. 120)
Vasari als Paradigma : Rezeption, Kritik, Perspektiven = The paradigm of Vasari : reception, criticism, perspectives (Collana del Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz, Max-Planck-Institut ; 20)
Foreword
Image, Object, Art : Talking to a Chinese Jar on Two Human Feet
A medieval way to modernity : Wilhelm R. Valentiner, late medieval sculpture and German expressionism
The Salerno Ivories : objects, histories, contexts
Preface
Opus Salomonis : sorting out Solomon's Scattered Treasure
Plaster Transennae and the Shaping of Light in Byzantium
A bronze manifesto of Petrarchism : Domenico Poggini's portrait medal of Benedetto Varchi
Heda's Hydra: On the enigmatic hydra motif on Chinese blue and white porcelains, as in Willem Claesz Heda's still life of 1638
Gli animali in vetro della collezione Bersellini : un percorso nell'arte vetraria veneziana = The glass animals in the Bersellini collection : a journey through Venetian art
Allan Marquand "On Scientific Method in the Study of Art"
Ästhetik(en) des Widerstands
Art –Research – Library : Shaping Maps of Knowledge
The wandering throne of Solomon : objects and tales of kingship in the medieval Mediterranean (Mediterranean art histories : volume 2)
From a stratigraphic sequence to a landscape evolution model - Late Pleistocene and Holocene volcanism, soil formation and land use in the shade of Mount Vesuvius (Italy)
Review of: "The Wanton Jesuit and the Wayward Saint ; a tale of sex, religion, and politics in eighteenth-century France / Mita Choudhury, 2015"
Review of: "The Sacralization of Space and Behavior in the Early Modern World: Studies and Sources / Jennifer Mara DeSilva, ed., 2015"
Images of shame : infamy, defamation and the ethics of oeconomia
Giorgio Vasari: Lorenzo the Magnificent Receives Gifts from the Ambassadors = Giorgio Vasari: Lorenzo il Magnifico empfängt Geschenke ausändischer Botschafter (catalog no. 121)
Giorgio Vasari: Cardinal Innocenzo Cibo Entrusting the Government of the Republic of Florence to Cosimo I de' Medici (?) = Giorgio Vasari: Kardinal Innocenzo Cibo überträgt Cosimo I. de' Medici die Regierung über die Republik Florenz (?) (catalog no. 124)
Special issue: Images at work (Representations ; 133)
Review of "Parergon : Attribut, Material und Fragment in der Bildästhetik des Quattrocento / Anna Degler, 2015"
Agnolo Bronzino: St John the Baptist = Agnolo Bronzino: Heiliger Johannes der Täufer (catalog no. 103)
Agnolo Bronzino: St Cosmas = Agnolo Bronzino: Heiliger Cosmas (catalog no. 104)
Giorgio Vasari: Study for a Crucifixion = Giorgio Vasari: Studie für eine Kreuzigung (catalog no. 125)
Fra Bartolommeo: Studies for St Mark, Another Figure and a Hand = Fra Bartolommeo: Studien zum heiligen Markus, einer weiteren Figur und einer Hand (catalog no. 127)