Proceedings of the German-Mongolian Seminar on Current Trends in Criminal Punishment
The Path to the Death Penalty Abolition in Mongolia
Country Report Germany
Life and Long-Term Imprisonment in the Countries of the Former Yugoslavia
Conducting open participant observations of bouncers – negotiating (in)visibility in fieldwork
Islamic Law, Secular Law and Customary Law – Aspects of a Rich Interrelationship
Book Review: Rui Graça Feijó, Dynamics of Democracy in Timor-Leste: The Birth of a Democratic Nation 1999-2012
After Nice, we all must learn to live with a certain amount of terrorism
Book Review: Van Camp, T., Victims of violence and restorative practices: finding a voice. Routledge, London et al. 2014
China’s Comprehensive Counter-Terrorism Law
How is parenting related to adolescent delinquency? A between- and within-person analysis of the mediating role of self-control, delinquent attitudes, peer delinquency, and time spent in criminogenic settings
"I was thrown in at the deep end ...". Prisoner Reentry: Patterns of Transition from Prison to Community Among Sexual and Violent Offenders
Women and children as victims of sex offenses : Crime prevention by treating the offenders?
News – European Union
The emergence and use of GPS electronic monitoring in Germany : Current trends and findings
The nexus of information technologies and illicit financial flows: phenomenon and legal challenges
Barometer of Security in Germany (BaSiD) ‒ Empirical Security Research at the MPI
Parenting as a protective factor against criminogenic settings? Interaction effects between three aspects of parenting and unstructured socializing in disordered areas
Restorative Justice and Technology
Criminal liability of legal persons in Romania
Grounds for excluding criminal liability in Turkey
Exchange of Intercepted Electronic Communication Data between Foreign Countries (Part 3 – Country Report Germany)
Book Review: Dünkel, F., Grzywa-Holten, J., Horsfield, P. (Eds.), Restorative justice and mediation in penal matters. A stock-taking of legal issues, implementation strategies and outcomes in 36 European countries. Forum Verlag Godesberg, Mönchengladbach 2015, 1100 p.
6th Pécs Summer Course in Criminology: Criminology of Terrorism, 29 May-03 June 2016
The ‘Business and Human Rights’ Perspective
The Process of Transposition and Implementation of the Directive 2012/29/EU in Germany
An attrition analysis in the SENSIKO survey (waves 1 and 2)
Bishkek bomb cloud casts a shadow over China’s interests abroad
A between- and within-person analysis of parenting and time spent in criminogenic settings during adolescence: The role of self-control and delinquent attitudes
International Criminal Justice on Trial : The ICTY and ICTR Case Referral Practice to National Courts and Its Possible Relevance for the ICC
Access to Telecommunication Data in Criminal Justice : A Comparative Analysis of European Legal Orders
Sexual offenders in the social therapeutic and correctional facilities of the Free State of Saxony, Germany: Milestone Report October 2016
The European Court of Justice : A “Quasi-Constitutional Court” in Criminal Matters? The Taricco Judgment and Its Shortcomings
Coping with freedom : The implementation of probation in Germany
Parenting, criminogenic settings and delinquency
Part 2 – Comparative Analysis
Iran
Ignored Securities? On the Diversity of Securities and a Proposal for Their Integration
National Criminal Law in a Comparative Legal Context : Volume 5.1: Grounds for rejecting criminal liability
ESC Postgraduate and Early Stage Researchers Working Group (EPER): We’ve got your back in Münster too!
Do digital technologies facilitate illicit financial flows?
Rehabilitating Terrorists: The Chinese Approach
Psychological stress and coping strategies among child pornography investigators: A qualitative analysis
The explanatory power of the General Theory of Crime : A comparative analysis of a general population and serious offender sample
The Paradigm Shift in the Global Risk Society : From Criminal Law to Global Security Law – An Analysis of the Changing Limits of Crime Control
Recent Developments in EU Anti-Money Laundering : Some Critical Observations
‘I’d like to see your identity cards please’ : negotiating authority in police–adolescent encounters: Findings from a mixed-method study of proactive police practices towards adolescents in two German cities
Article 31 : Grounds for excluding criminal responsibility
Grounds for terminating or expunging criminal liability in Turkey
Emotions re-visited: Autoethnographic reflections on a qualitative PhD thesis using semi-structured interviews. A tale of politicians, professors and ombudsmen
Whistleblowing and bribery prevention in Italy. A survey on the relevant criminal law issues of failure to report
If Robots Cause Harm, Who is to Blame? Self-Driving Cars and Criminal Liability
Brussels bombings expose Europe’s stark choice between security and freedoms
After Orlando, the US must accept that strict gun laws curb mass violence, as China’s example shows
Criminal Sanctions and Crime Control : Past, Presence and Future in Europe
Grounds for excluding criminal liability in Australia
Grounds for terminating or expunging criminal liability in Australia
Electronic monitoring and beyond in Germany
Law, Crime, and Society in the Middle East
Post-Conflict Justice & Criminology: The European Criminology Group on Atrocity Crimes and Transitional Justice (ECACTJ)
Compliance and Money Laundering Control by Banking Institutions in China : Self Control, Administrative Control, and Penal Control
Migrants as victims : victimological perspectives of human smuggling and human trafficking
Changing Structures : from the ICTY to the ICC
Refugees : Stranded between the Priorities of European Security
Legal Aspects of the Use of Coercive Measures in Psychiatry
Book Review: Keiler, J., Roef, D. (Eds.), Comparative Concepts of Criminal Law. 1st edit. 2015, 2nd edit. 2016, Intersentia, Cambridge-Antwerp, 282 p.
Pecunia Non Olet : The Case for the €500 Banknote
Book Review: Radcliffe, P., Gudjonsson, G., Heaton-Armstrong, A., Wolchover, D. (Eds.), Witness testimony in sexual cases – Evidential, investigative and scientific perspectives. Oxford University Press, Oxford UK 2016, 413 p.
The Ultimate Force of the Law : On the Essence and Precariousness of the Monopoly on Legitimate Force
Why We Argue About the Law : An Agonistic Account of Legal Disagreement
The European Criminology Group on Atrocity Crimes and Transitional Justice (ECACTJ)
Psychological Stress and Coping Strategies among Child Pornography : Police Investigators - A Qualitative Analysis
Vagueness and Law : Philosophical and Legal Perspectives
Vagueness and law : philosophical and legal perspectives
Tendencies in Public Civil Security Law
An Intentionalist Account of Vagueness : A Legal Perspective