Surface tension regularizes the crack singularity of adhesion
Current fluctuations in nanopores: The effects of electrostatic and hydrodynamic interactions
Effective dynamics of microorganisms that interact with their own trail
Species-dependent hydrodynamics of flagellum-tethered bacteria in early biofilm development
Multicellular self-organization of P. aeruginosa due to interactions with secreted trails
Reprint of: Comparison of relaxation phenomena in binary gas-mixtures of Maxwell molecules and hard spheres
Liquid drops attract or repel by the inverted Cheerios effect
Active micromachines: Microfluidics powered by mesoscale turbulence
Reduction in tension and stiffening of lipid membranes in an electric field revealed by x-ray scattering
Lubrication of soft viscoelastic solids
Regularized moment equations for binary gas mixtures: Derivation and linear analysis
The power spectrum of ionic nanopore currents: The role of ion correlations
Curling liquid crystal microswimmers: A cascade of spontaneous symmetry breaking
Quantum de Finetti theorems and mean-field theory from quantum phase space representations.
Upper bound on the Edwards entropy in frictional monodisperse hard-sphere packings
Quasistatic packings of droplets in flat microfluidic channels
Collective fluctuations in the dynamics of adaptation and other traveling waves.
Controlling the growth modes of femtoliter sessile droplets nucleating on chemically patterned surfaces.
Single-particle motion and vortex stretching in three-dimensional turbulent flows.
Vacancy-induced flow of solid helium.
Solid capillarity: When and how does surface tension deform soft solids?
Slip-mediated dewetting of polymer microdroplets.
Stochastic Rotation Dynamics simulations of wetting multi-phase flows.
Low-temperature linear thermal rectifiers based on Coriolis forces.
How a surface nanodroplet sits on the rim of a microcap.
Opposing effects of neuronal activity on structural plasticity.
Two-particle dispersion in weakly turbulent thermal convection.
Thermalized connectivity networks of jammed packings.
Collective and convective effects compete in patterns of dissolving surface droplets.
Extracting hidden hierarchies in 3D distribution networks.
On the drag of freely falling non-spherical particles.
Line tension and wettability of nanodrops on curved surfaces.
Spontaneous concentrations of solids through two-way drag forces between gas and sedimenting particles.
Kinneyia: A flow-induced anisotropic fossil pattern from ancient microbial mats.
Response behavior of aging systems with temporal disorder.
Momentum and heat transport scalings in laminar vertical convection.
Self-propelled droplets.
Numerical investigation on characteristic flow regions for three staggered stationary circular cylinders.
Evaporation-triggered microdroplet nucleation and the four life phases of an evaporating Ouzo drop
Self-similar decay of high Reynolds number Taylor-Couette turbulence.
Visible and near-infrared up-conversion luminescence of KGd(WO4)(2) micro-crystals doped with Er3+, Tm3+, Ho3+ and Yb3+ ions.
Model-free estimation of tuning curves and their attentional modulation, based on sparse and noisy data
Dynamic information routing in complex networks.
Growing neuronal islands on multi-electrode arrays using an accurate positioning-μCP device
A one donor–two acceptor lipid bilayer FRET assay based on asymmetrically labeled liposomes
Closed loop neuroscience
Hydrodynamics of driven granular matter: Leidenfrost effect and convection rolls
Neural and response correlations to complex natural sounds in the auditory midbrain
A new defibrillation mechanism: Termination of reentrant waves by propagating action potentials induced by nearby heterogeneities
Crack patterns over uneven substrates.
Scanning and resetting the phase of a pinned spiral wave using periodic far field pulses.
Self-driven jamming in growing microbial populations.
The physics of biofilms—an introduction.
Connecting and disconnecting nematic disclination lines in microfluidic channels.
Role of natural convection in the dissolution of sessile droplets.
Prandtl-number dependence of heat transport in laminar horizontal convection.
Heat-flux enhancement by vapour-bubble nucleation in Rayleigh-Benard turbulence.
Taylor-Couette turbulence at radius ratio eta=0.5: Scaling, flow structures and plumes.
A reanalysis of “Two types of asynchronous activity in networks of excitatory and inhibitory spiking neurons”.
Dimensionality matters in the collective behaviour of active emulsions.
Curling liquid crystal microswimmers: A cascade of spontaneous symmetry breaking.
Structure and dynamics of confined alcohol–water mixtures.
Swimming droplets.
Filling transitions on rough surfaces: Inadequacy of Gaussian surface models.
Critical links and nonlocal rerouting in complex supply networks.
Directed percolation phase transition to sustained turbulence in Couette flow.
Optogenetic light crafting tools for the control of cardiac arrhythmias.
Taming instabilities in power grid networks by decentralized control.
Rupture and recoil of bent-core liquid crystal filaments.
A novel model for smectic liquid crystals: Elastic anisotropy and response to a steady-state flow.
AC electrified jets in a flow-focusing device: Jet length scaling.
Path length tunable light-matter interaction in magnetic nanofluid based field-induced photonic crystal-glass structure.
Exploring the phase space of multiple states in highly turbulent Taylor-Couette flow.
Induction and consolidation of calcium-based homo- and heterosynaptic potentiation and depression.
3D spherical-cap fitting procedure for (truncated) sessile nano- and micro-droplets & -bubbles.
Hydrophobic ice confined between graphene and MoS2.
Avalanche dynamics.
Morphological transitions during melting of small cylindrical aggregates
Light-matter interaction induces a shadow vortex.
The flip-flopping wake pattern behind two side-by-side circular cylinders: a global stability analysis.
Declustering in a granular gas as a finite-size effect.
Quantifying group specificity of animal vocalizations without specific sender information.
Influence of dc voltage on the dielectric properties of nematics.
Promotion of cooperation by selective group extinction.
Allele surfing promotes microbial adaptation from standing variation.
Energy spectra in turbulent bubbly flows.
Controlling molecular transport in minimal emulsions.
Growing neuronal islands on multi-electrode arrays using an accurate positioning-mu CP device.
Non-equilibrium steady states of stochastic processes with intermittent resetting.
Vapour-bubble nucleation and dynamics in turbulent Rayleigh-Benard convection.
Discrete scale invariance in supercritical percolation.
Cell-substrate impedance fluctuations of single amoeboid cells encode cell-shape and cell-substrate adhesion dynamics.
Azimuthal diffusion of the large-scale-circulation plane, and absence of significant non-Boussinesq effects, in turbulent convection near the ultimate-state transition.
A three-dimensional quantitative study on the hydrodynamic focusing of particles with the immersed boundary - Lattice Boltzmann method.
Lagrangian view of time irreversibility of fluid turbulence.
Bifurcations, chaos, and sensitivity to parameter variations in the Sato cardiac cell model.
Synchronizing noisy nonidentical oscillators by transient uncoupling.
Quantum entanglement percolation.
On the spreading of impacting drops.
Scaling laws in spatial network formation.
Conductive heat flux in measurements of the Nusselt number in turbulent Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
Wettability controls slow immiscible displacement through local interfacial instabilities.
Stability of surface nanobubbles: A molecular dynamics study.
Non-Gaussianity and intermittency in an ensemble of Gaussian fields.
Flow-induced deformation of closed disclination lines near a spherical colloid immersed in a nematic host phase.
Anisotropy and probe-medium interactions in the microrheology of nematic fluids.
Genuine non-self-averaging and ultraslow convergence in gelation.
Natural vocalizations in the mammalian inferior colliculus are broadly encoded by a small number of independent multi-unit clusters
Note: Reconstruction of fluid flows in porous media using geometric a priori information.
Low somatic sodium conductance enhances action potential precision in time-coding auditory neurons.
Experiments for the investigation of convection of salt water in porous media
Deformation and orientation statistics of neutrally buoyant sub-Kolmogorov ellipsoidal droplets in turbulent Taylor-Couette flow.
The developmental polarity and morphogenesis of a single cell
Cilia-based flow network in the brain ventricles
Role of sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium leak in heart failure
A worldwide competition to compare the speed and chemotactic accuracy of neutrophil-like cells.
Liquid morphologies and capillary forces between three spherical beads.
A nonlinear structural subgrid-scale closure for compressible MHD. I. Derivation and energy dissipation properties.
Pruning to increase Taylor dispersion in Physarum polycephalum networks.
Peculiarities of the magneto-optical response in dispersions of anisometric pigment nano-particles.
Interface propagation in fiber bundles: Local, mean-field and intermediate range-dependent statistics.
A cohesive granular material with tunable elasticity.
Estimability and dependency analysis of model parameters based on delay coordinates.
Homogeneous nucleation: Patching the way from the macroscopic to the nanoscopic description.
Random focusing of tsunami waves.
Upper bound on the Edwards entropy in frictional monodisperse hard-sphere packings.
Direct numerical simulation of Taylor-Couette flow with grooved walls: Torque scaling and flow structure.
Spatio-temporal patterns in inclined layer convection.
A universal scaling law for the evolution of granular gases.
Spontaneous chiral symmetry breaking in collective active motion.
Dynamical phase diagram of Gaussian wave packets in optical lattices.
Natural vocalizations in the mammalian inferior colliculus are broadly encoded by a small number of independent multi-units.
Heat-transport enhancement in rotating turbulent Rayleigh-Benard convection.
Thermal convection in inclined cylindrical containers.
Hiding in plain view: Colloidal self-assembly from polydisperse populations.
Estimating Lyapunov exponents from time series.
Effect of disjoining pressure on surface nanobubbles.
Atomic force microscopy on liquid crystals.
Taming instabilities in power grid networks by decentralized control
From convection rolls to finger convection in double-diffusive turbulence.
High-Reynolds number Taylor-Couette turbulence.
How do polydisperse repulsive colloids crystallize?
Vesicles-on-a-chip: A universal microfluidic platform for the assembly of liposomes and polymersomes.
A nonlinear structural subgrid-scale closure for compressible MHD. II. A priori comparison on turbulence simulation data.
Self-consistent sources for integrable equations via deformations of binary Darboux transformations.
Microbubbles and microparticles are not faithful tracers of turbulent acceleration.
Impact of a high-speed train of microdrops on a liquid pool.
Small-scale anisotropy in turbulent boundary layers.
Turbulent Taylor-Couette flow with stationary inner cylinder.
The minimization of mechanical work in vibrated granular matter.
Topology of sustainable management of dynamical systems with desirable states: From defining planetary boundaries to safe operating spaces in the earth system.
Drag reduction in numerical two-phase Taylor-Couette turbulence using an Euler-Lagrange approach.
Heat and momentum transport scalings in horizontal convection.
High refractive index immersion liquid for superresolution 3D imaging using sapphire-based aplanatic numerical aperture increasing lens optics.
Suppression of spatially periodic patterns by dc voltage.
Dynamic Leidenfrost effect: Relevant time and length scales.
Microswimmers – From single particle motion to collective behavior.
Leaf growth is conformal.
Noisy oscillations in the actin cytoskeleton of chemotactic amoeba.
Surface dynamics of the wetting layers and ultrathin films on a dynamic substrate: (0.5−4) ML Pb/Cu(111).
Resilience of PT symmetry against stochasticity in a gain-loss balanced oscillator.
Interaction control to synchronize non-synchronizable networks.
An accurate potential model for the a3Σu+ state of the alkali dimers Na2, K2, Rb2, and Cs2.
Timing and nature of volcanic particle clusters based on field and numerical investigations.
Bubble drag reduction requires large bubbles.
Surfactant adsorption kinetics in microfluidics.
Vertically bounded double diffusive convection in the finger regime: Comparing no-slip versus free-slip boundary conditions.
Volume entrained in the wake of a disk intruding into an oil-water interface.
Bayesian filtering of surface EMG for accurate simultaneous and proportional prosthetic control.
Natural vocalizations in the mammalian inferior colliculus are broadly encoded by a small number of independent multi-unit clusters.
Coarse-grained treatment of the self-assembly of colloids suspended in a nematic host phase.
Encoding in balanced networks: Revisiting spike patterns and chaos in stimulus-driven systems.