1916, 1921 and the 'Destruction of the Legal Unity of the British Empire'
Multinational Corporations and European Integration: The Case of the Automobile Industry, 1959-1965
Eastminster – Decolonisation and State-Building in British Asia
Images of Dishonoured Rebels and Infamous Revolts: Political Crime, Shaming Punishments and Defamation in the Early Modern Pictorial Media
Real Censorship of the Theatrum Veritatis, et Justitiae of Giovanni Battista De Luca: Methodology and Issues of Research. A Report of the Seminar with Gian Luca D’Errico (Università di Bologna) on September 4, 2015 at the Max Planck Institute for European Legal History
[Review of: Domination et résistance de la minorité musulmane après le pogrom de 2002 à Ahmedabad (Inde): Les paradoxes de la ghettoïsation à Juhapura, by Charlotte Thomas. Institute d’Etudes Politiques de Paris. 2014]
The Paradox of Human Rights Protection in Europe: Two Courts, One Goal?
Changes in Women’s Occupations in Bristol between 1775 and 1830
Introduction
Mixed Marriages in Early Modern Europe
Transnationalization of Law and Legal Scholarship: Intellectual and Institutional Challenges
Termination of Long-term Contracts for 'Compelling Reasons' under the UNIDROIT Principles: the German Origins
Reflections on the Shayara Bano Petition, a Symbol of the Indian Judiciary's Own Evolution on the Issue of Triple talak and the Place of Muslim Personal Law within the Indian Constitutional Frame?
From Control to Social Reform. The Latin-American Social Question in the Latin-American Scientific Congresses (1898-1908)
Foreword
The Commonwealth and the Oath of Allegiance Crisis: A Study in Inter-War Commonwealth Relations
Sexual Abuse: The Secret Needing to be Told
Virtuous Banking: The Role of the Community in Monitoring English Joint-stockbanks and their Managements in the Nineteenth Century
De origine iuris germanici. Commentarius historicus (Historical Commentary on the Origin of German Law) 1643. Hermann Conring (1606-1681)
Constitution-Making in Asia: Decolonisation and State-Building in the Aftermath of the British Empire
Introducing the Future of Legal History: On Re-launching the American Journal of Legal History
Translators: Mediators of Legal Transfers
State and Perspectives of the History of Social Law – A Few Preliminary Remarks
Eternal Judiciary over Ever-changing Politics [Review of: Abhinav Chandrachud, An Independent, Colonial Judiciary: A History of the Bombay High Court during the British Raj, 1862–1947, New Delhi: Oxford University Press 2015]
Reflections on the Shayara Bano Petition, a Symbol of the Indian Judiciary’s own Evolution on the Issue of Triple talak and the Place of Muslim Personal Law within the Indian Constitutional Frame?
Global Legal History: A Methodological Approach
Jus ecclesiasticum universum hodiernae disciplinae praesertim Belgii, Galliae et vicinarum provinciarum accommodatum (Universal Ecclesiastical Law Adapted to Current Practice, Especially of the Belgian, French and Neighbouring Provinces) 1700. Zeger-Bernard van Espen (Espenius) (1646-1728)
[Review of: James T. Palmer. The Apocalypse in the Early Middlle Ages. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2014]
The Islamic Marriage Conundrum Symposium: an Introduction
Schwurgerichte und andere Formen der Laienbeteiligung: staatsfremde Normativitäten und gesellschaftliche Selbstregulierung im staatlichen Organisationsgehäuse ?
The Restless Mind and the Living Text. The first edition of Grotius’s De iure belli ac pacis
Roman Water Law – A database approach
[Review of: Aharon Barak: Human Dignity: The Constitutional Value and the Constitutional Right. Cambridge University Press, 2015]
Bahamian-ness as an Exclusive Good: Attempting to Change the Constitution, 2002
More than Copy and Paste: The Drafting of the Judicial Order in the Decrees of the Third Mexican Council
From Castilian to Nahuatl, or from Nahuatl to Castilian? Reflections and Doubts about Legal Translation in the Writings of Judge Alonso de Zorita (1512–1585?)
What is the "Cultural Baggage" of Legal Transfers? Methodological Reflections on the Case of La Quintiada, Tierradentro-Cauca, 1914–1917
Pulling out the Thread: Canon Law and Ecclesiastical Forums at the Core of Spanish American Judicial History [Review of: Jorge E. Traslosheros, Historia judicial eclesiástica de la Nueva España. Materia, Método y Razones, Mexico: Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México/Editorial Porrua 2014]
State and Perspectives of the History of Social Law in Germany
Between Marklo and Merseburg: Assemblies and their Sites in Saxony from the Beginning of Christianization to the Time of the Ottonian Kings
[Review of: Santiago Muñoz Arbeláez: Costumbres en disputa. Los muiscas y el imperio español en Ubaque, siglo XVI. Bogotá: Universidad de los Andes, 2015]
Iberian Trade Unions and the ETUC: From the Periphery to the Centre
Justice without the State within the State: Judicial Self-Regulation in the Past and Present
Justice without the State within the State — Introductory Considerations
Humanist Philology and the Text of Justinian’s Digest
[Review of: Nation and Family, Personal Law, Cultural Pluralism, and Gendered Citizenship in India. By Narendra Subramanian. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2014]
Lessons from Abroad: Muslim Marriages in India
Bankruptcy Laws as Standortpolitik - The Case of Hamburg 1850 to 1870
Sir Ivor Jennings’ ‘The Conversion of History into Law’
[Review of: Li Chen, Chinese Law in Imperial Eyes: Sovereignty, Justice and Transnational Politics. New York, NY: Columbia University Press, 2016]
Politica para Corregidores y Señores de Vassallos, en Tiempo de Paz, y de Gverra (Politics for Corregidores and Lords of Vassals, in Times of Peace and of War) 1597. Jerónimo Castillo de Bobadilla (Bouadilla)(c.1546-1605)
Where did Environmentalism come from? [Review of: Rome, Adam: The Genius of Earth Day. How a 1970 Teach-In Unexpectedly Made the First Green Generation. New York : Hill and Wang 2013. Hamblin, Jacob Darwin: Arming Mother Nature. The Birth of Catastrophic Environmentalism. New York : Oxford University Press 2013. Zelko, Frank: Make it a Green Peace!. The Rise of a Countercultural Environmentalism. New York : Oxford University Press 2013]