A single predator charging a herd of prey: Effects of self volume and predator–prey decision-making.
Accurate reconstruction of cell and particle tracks from 3D live imaging data.
Systems analysis of the dynamic inflammatory response to tissue damage reveals spatiotemporal properties of the wound attractant gradient.
CD8(+) T cells of Listeria monocytogenes-infected mice recognize both linear and spliced proteasome products.
Old knowledge and new technologies allow rapid development of model organisms.
Insights from biochemical reconstitution into the architecture of human kinetochores.
Molecular requirements for the inter-subunit interaction and kinetochore recruitment of SKAP and Astrin.
Live imaging of centriole dynamics by fluorescently tagged proteins in starfish oocyte meiosis.
NMR spectroscopic assignment of backbone and side-chain protons in fully protonated proteins: Microcrystals, sedimented assemblies, and amyloid fibrils.
Universal proximity effect in target search kinetics in the few-encounter limit.
A large fraction of HLA class I ligands are proteasome-generated spliced peptides.
Structure of fully protonated proteins by proton-detected magic-angle spinning NMR.
Active transport improves the precision of linear long distance molecular signalling.
Distinct mechanisms eliminate mother and daughter centrioles in meiosis of starfish oocytes.
First passage time distribution in heterogeneity controlled kinetics: Going beyond the mean first passage time.
In vivo online magnetic resonance quantification of absolute metabolite concentrations in microdialysate.
Drosophila melanogaster as a model of muscle degeneration disorders.
Nitrogen-vacancy spins in diamond a possible tool to study protein diffusion and oligomerization.
Inefficiencies in motor strategies of horn players with embouchure dystonia: Comparisons to elite performers.
Structural ensembles of intrinsically disordered proteins depend strongly on force field: A comparison to experiment.
Optical microscopy: The resolution revolution
ErmBL translation on the ribosome in the presence of erythromycin is stalled by inhibition of peptide bond formation.
Expression-enhanced fluorescent proteins based on EGFP for super-resolution microscopy.
Synaptotagmin-1 binds to PIP2-containing membrane but not to SNAREs at physiological ionic strength.
Prostaglandin E-1 inhibits endocytosis in the beta-cell endocytosis.
Cilia-based flow network in the brain ventricles.
Temperature programmed desorption of weakly bound adsorbates on Au(111).
Inverse problems with Poisson data: Statistical regularization theory, applications and algorithms.
A class of diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 inhibitors identified by a combination of phenotypic high-throughput screening, genomics, and genetics.
Thermophilic archaea activate butane via alkyl-coenzyme M formation.
Sinogram-based coil selection for streak artifact reduction in undersampled radial real-time magnetic resonance imaging.
Nuclear spin-lattice relaxation in nitroxide spin-label EPR.
Electron transfer and solvent-mediated electronic localization in molecular photocatalysis.
High-repetition-rate and high-photon-flux 70 eV high-harmonic source for coincidence ion imaging of gas-phase molecules.
The phosphatase Dusp7 drives meiotic resumption and chromosome alignment in mouse oocytes.
Elucidation of the enantiodiscrimination properties of a nonracemic chiral alignment medium through gel-based capillary electrochromatography: Separation of the mefloquine stereoisomers.
A disilene base adduct with a dative Si–Si single bond.
Two pathways regulate cortical granule translocation to prevent polyspermy in mouse oocytes.
The mystery of the fusion pore.
Access to side-chain carbon information in deuterated solids under fast MAS through non-rotor-synchronized mixing.
4Pi-RESOLFT nanoscopy.
Structure of transcribing mammalian RNA polymerase II.
Inhibition of translation initiation complex formation by GE81112 unravels a 16S rRNA structural switch involved in P-site decoding.
Boundary conditions for free A-DNA in solution and the relation of local to global DNA structures at reduced water activity.
biGBac enables rapid gene assembly for the expression of large multisubunit protein complexes.
Essential structural elements in tRNAPro for EF-P-mediated alleviation of translation stalling.
The target of the DEAH-box NTP triphosphatase Prp43 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae spliceosomes is the U2 snRNP-intron interaction.
Phosphorylation of human choline kinase beta by protein kinase A: Its impact on activity and inhibition.
Reorganization of lipid diffusion by myelin basic protein as revealed by STED nanoscopy.
A dual phosphorylation switch controls 14-3-3-dependent cell surface expression of TASK-1.
Design and analysis of three-arm trials with negative binomially distributed endpoints.
Model-free uncertainty estimation in stochastical optical fluctuation imaging (SOFI) leads to a doubled temporal resolution.
Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy mutations impair TRC40-mediated targeting of emerin to the inner nuclear membrane.
Charge-neutral constant pH molecular dynamics simulations using a parsimonious proton buffer.
Synonymous codons direct cotranslational folding toward different protein conformations.
Hedgehog signaling strength is orchestrated by the mir-310 cluster of microRNAs in response to diet.
Tailoring the viscoelastic properties of injectable biocomposites: A spectroscopic assessment of the interactions between organic carriers and bioactive glass particles.
Distance regulated vesicle fusion and docking mediated by β-peptide nucleic acid SNARE protein analogues.
Phosphorylation of the amyloid beta-peptide at Ser26 stabilizes oligomeric assembly and increases neurotoxicity.
The roles of microtubule-based transport at presynaptic nerve terminals.
Protein elongation, co-translational folding and targeting.
On the magnetic anisotropy and nuclear relaxivity effects of Co and Ni doping in iron oxide nanoparticles.
Choreography of molecular movements during ribosome progression along mRNA.
Activated dissociation of HCl on Au(111)
A protein map of the yeast activated spliceosome as obtained by electron microscopy.
Modulating the Cascade architecture of a minimal Type I-F CRISPR-Cas system.
The Dok-3/Grb2 adaptor module promotes inducible association of the lipid phosphatase SHIP with the BCR in a coreceptor-independent manner.
Vibrational energy transfer near a dissociative adsorption transition state: State-to-state study of HCl collisions at Au(111).
Determination of relative configuration from residual chemical shift anisotropy.
Analysis of the pressure and temperature dependence of the complex-forming bimolecular reaction CH3OCH3 + Fe+.
Engineered non-Mendelian inheritance of entire parental genomes in C. elegans.
v-SNARE transmembrane domains function as catalysts for vesicle fusion.
Phosphorylation interferes with maturation of amyloid-β fibrillar structure in the N terminus.
Active zone scaffolds differentially accumulate Unc13 isoforms to tune Ca2+ channel–vesicle.
The inhibition mechanism of human 20S proteasomes enables next-generation inhibitor design.
Structure determination of transient transcription complexes.
Voltage dependence of conformational dynamics and subconducting states of VDAC-1.
Molecular architecture of SF3b and structural consequences of its cancer-related mutations.
Coupled motion of Xe clusters and quantum vortices in He nanodroplets.
Spectral phase measurement of a Fano resonance using tunable attosecond pulses.
Observing solvation dynamics with simultaneous femtosecond X-ray emission spectroscopy and X-ray scattering.
U6atac snRNA stem-loop interacts with U12 p65 RNA binding protein and is functionally interchangeable with the U12 apical stem-loop III.
Direct targeting of membrane fusion by SNARE mimicry: Convergent evolution of Legionella effectors.
Inference of gene regulation functions from dynamic transcriptome data.
Tracking contours of orofacial articulators from real-time MRI of speech.
Automated analysis of sleep control via a single neuron active at sleep onset in C. elegans.
Exploiting lipid permutation symmetry to compute membrane remodeling free energies.
Real-time magnetic resonance imaging of deep venous flow during muscular exercise-preliminary experience.
The solid phase synthesis of multidendate ligands containing aminohydroxamate moieties and thedir interactions with copper.
Allostery through protein motion at different length and time scales.
Parallel statistical multiresolution estimation for image reconstruction.
Time-resolved and in-situ X-ray scattering methods beyond photoactivation: Utilizing high-flux X-ray sources for the study of ubiquitous non-photoactive proteins.
Accurate evaluation of bivariate polynomials.
Mechanosensetivity and symmetry in K2P channels
Planar pore-spanning membranes: A platform to study snare-mediated fusion processes.
How to fill a synaptic vesicle with neurotransmitters? Transport mechanisms and ion balance.
Axial membrane tubules in atrial cardiomyocytes confine ultrarapid intracellular calcium signals through a new super-hub mechanism.
Yeast reveals similar molecular mechanisms underlying alpha- and beta-synuclein toxicity.
Quality of graphene on sapphire: Long-range order from helium diffraction versus lattice defects from Raman spectroscopy.
Venus flytrap HKT1-type channel provides for prey sodium uptake into carnivorous plant without conflicting with electrical excitability.
Ground state potential energy surfaces around selected atoms from resonant inelastic x-ray scattering.
Nuclear trapping through inhibition of exosomal export by indomethacin increases cytostatic efficacy of doxorubicin and pixantrone.
Automated analysis protocol for high resolution BOLD-fMRI mapping of the fingertip somatotopy in brodmann area 3b.
A simple and versatile design concept for fluorophore derivatives with intramolecular photostabilization.
Single-vesicle imaging reveals different transport mechanisms between glutamatergic and GABAergic vesicles.
Fluorescent rhodamines and fluorogenic carbopyronines for super-resolution STED microscopy in living cells.
The Venus flytrap Dionaea muscipula counts prey-induced action potentials to induce sodium uptake.
High-resolution measurement of long-range distances in RNA: Pulse EPR spectroscopy with TEMPO-labeled nucleotides.
Convergence rates for exponentially ill-posed inverse problems with impulsive noise.
Editorial overview: Functional and mechanistic landscape of the nuclear pore complex.
Final rotational state distributions from NO(v(i)=11) in collisions with Au(111): The magnitude of vibrational energy transfer depends on orientation in molecule-surface collisions.
The bacterial SRP receptor, FtsY, is activated on binding to the translocon.
W(h)ither human cardiac and body magnetic resonance at ultrahigh fields? Technical advances, practical considerations, applications, and clinical opportunities.
TAp73 is a central transcriptional regulator of airway multiciliogenesis.
In vivo super-resolution RESOLFT microscopy of Drosophila melanogaster.
Epigenetic regulation by BAF (mSWI/SNF) chromatin remodeling complexes is indispensable for embryonic development.
Surface reaction dynamics.
Role of the transmembrane domain in SNARE protein mediated membrane fusion: Peptide nucleic acid/peptide model systems.
Tryptophan-rich basic protein (WRB) mediates insertion of the tail-anchored protein otoferlin and is required for hair cell exocytosis and hearing.
A combined cryo-EM and molecular dynamics approach reveals the mechanism of ErmBL-mediated translation arrest.
New insights into cochlear sound encoding.
mSWI/SNF (BAF) complexes are indispensable for the neurogenesis and development of embryonic olfactory epithelium.
The ribosome cooperates with the assembly chaperone pICln to initiate formation of snRNPs.
SOFI simulation tool: A software package for simulating and testing super-resolution optical fluctuation imaging.
Decrease in newly generated oligodendrocytes leads to motor dysfunctions and changed myelin structures that can be rescued by transplanted cells.
Mechanism of high-frequency signaling at a depressing ribbon synapse.
Hair cell synaptic dysfunction, auditory fatigue and thermal sensitivity in otoferlin Ile515Thr mutants.
Cooperative binding: A multiple personality.
Ribosome-associated Mba1 escorts Cox2 from insertion machinery to maturing assembly intermediates.
A probabilistic model for detecting rigid domains in protein structures.
Drift estimation in sparse sequential dynamic imaging, with application to nanoscale fluorescence microscopy.
Electronically non-adiabatic influences in surface chemistry and dynamics.
Coat/tether interactions-exception or rule?
A non-stem-loop CRISPR RNA is processed by dual binding Cas6.
Counting vesicular release events reveals binomial release statistics at single glutamatergic synapses.
Remodeling of the conformational ensemble of the repeat domain of tau by an aggregation enhancer.
Identification of the dominant photochemical pathways and mechanistic insights to the ultrafast ligand exchange of Fe(CO)5 to Fe(CO)4EtOH.
Fasudil attenuates aggregation of alpha-synuclein in models of Parkinson's disease.
Translocation as continuous movement through the ribosome.
Anti-Stokes resonant x-ray Raman scattering for atom specific and excited state selective dynamics.
Amides as thermo-sensitive tracers for investigating the thermal state of geothermal reservoirs.
Spectroscopy in the 1.4 and 1.8-mu m wavelength regions of KPb(2)C1(5) single crystals doped with trivalent Thulium.
Pulse EPR measurements of intramolecular distances in a TOPP-labeled transmembrane peptide in lipids.
The low barrier hydrogen bond in the photoactive yellow protein: A vacuum artifact absent in the crystal and solution.
Light-induced charge separation in densely packed donor acceptor coordination cages
Ligand stimulation of CD95 induces activation of Plk3 followed by phosphorylation of caspase-8.
Identification of novel B cell receptor antigens in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Angle resolved photoelectron spectroscopy of two-color XUV-NIR ionization with polarization control.
Multiple ionization of free ubiquitin molecular ions in extreme ultraviolet free-electron laser pulses.
Cryo-EM of mitotic checkpoint complex-bound APC/C reveals reciprocal and conformational regulation of ubiquitin ligation.
Ca2+ controls gating of voltage-gated calcium channels by releasing the beta 2e subunit from the plasma membrane.
Elucidating the ultrafast dynamics of photoinduced charge separation in metalloporphyrin-fullerene dyads across the electromagnetic spectrum.
The role of Tip60 in the inflammation process.
PtdInsP(2) and PtdSer cooperate to trap synaptotagmin-1 to the plasma membrane in the presence of calcium.
Total synthesis of dansylated Park's nucleotide for high-throughput MraY assays.
A wireless FSCV monitoring IC with analog background subtraction and UWB telemetry.
Fine-tuning motile cilia and flagella: Evolution of the dynein motor proteins from plants to humans at high resolution.
Reply to "Polarization modulation adds little additional information to super-resolution fluorescence microscopy".
Modulations of DNA contacts by linker histones and post-translational modifications determine the mobility and modifiability of nucleosomal H3 tails.
Introduction to proteomics technologies.
Internal kinematics of the volume-reduced tongue: A longitudinal microsonometric study.
Identification of absolute geometries of cis and trans molecular isomers by Coulomb explosion imaging.
BASDet: Bayesian approach(es) for structure determination from single molecule X-ray diffration images.
A non-canonical voltage sensor controls gating in K2P K2 channels.
Access to aliphatic protons as reporters in non-deuterated proteins by solid-state NMR.
First observation of SASE radiation using the compact wide-spectral-range XUV spectrometer at FLASH2.
An actin spindle protects mammalian oocytes against chromosome segregation errors.
Establishing a tool box for designer nuclesomes.
Estimating the ruggedness of protein free energy landscapes from molecular dynamics simulations.
Topp: A rigid spin label for the determination of distances in A- and B-transmembrane peptides by EPR.
A novel epigenetic resistance mechanism to the FLT3 inhibitor PKC412 induces cross-resistance to standard chemotherapy in acute myeloid leukemia (AML)
Gating charge calculations: Probing voltage-sensing proteins through computational electrophysiology.
The circular SiZer, inferred persistence of shape parameters and application to early stem cell differentiation.
Resolving the molecular architecture of the NPC with 3D super-resolution fluorescence microscopy.
A conserved membrane bending activity of Mic60 is necessary for cristae formation.
Synthesis, spectroscopic characterization and catalytic activity of platinum(II) carbene complexes.
The polyadenylation complex of Trypanosoma brucei: Characterization of the functional poly(A) polymerase.
Synthesis of a norcantharidin-tethered guanosine: Protein phosphatase-1 inhibitors that change alternative splicing.
Functions of Rab proteins at presynaptic sites.
Continuous tempering molecular dynamics: A deterministic approach to simulated tempering.
Coordinate-targeted fluorescence nanoscopy with multiple off states.
Subcortial cytoskeleton periodicity throughout the nervous system.
Retention and splicing complex (RES) - the importance of cooperativity.
Coupling of terminal iridium nitrido complexes.
Fluorogenic labeling of 5-formylpyrimidine nucleotides in DNA and RNA.
Kinetics of bis-allylic hydroperoxide synthesis in the iron-containing lipoxygenase 2 from cyanothece and the effects of manganese substitution.
Intranasal guanosine administration presents a wide therapeutic time window to reduce brain damage induced by permanent ischemia in rats.
Mechanisms of backtrack recovery by RNA polymerases I and II.
Dual RING E3 architectures regulate multiubiquitination and ubiquitin chain elongation by APC/C.
Eyes without a ribbon.
Loading capacity versus enzyme activity in anisotropic and spherical calcium carbonate microparticles.
Molecular plasticity of the human Voltage-Dependent Anion Channel embedded into a membrane.
Electrostatics and intrinsic disorder drive translocon binding of the SRP receptor FtsY.
The ν6 fundamental frequency of the Ã state of formaldehyde and Coriolis perturbations in the 3ν4 level.
High-pressure freezing electron microscopy of zebrafish oocytes.
AP-1/sigma 1A and AP-1/sigma 1B adaptor-proteins differentially regulate neuronal early endosome maturation via the Rab5/Vps34-pathway.
The protonation state of histidine 111 regulates the aggregation of the evolutionary most conserved region of the human prion protein.
A 1 + 1' resonance-enhanced multiphoton ionization scheme for rotationally state-selective detection of formaldehyde via the Ã 1A2 ← X[combining tilde] 1A1 transition.
A novel epigenetic resistance mechanism to the FLT3 inhibitor PK412 induces cross-resistance to standard chemotherapy in acute myeloid leukemia (AML).
Purification of crystallization-grade RNA polymerase I from S. cerevisiae.
Stimulated emission depletion nanoscopy reveals time-course of human immunodeficiency virus proteolytic maturation.
Oligodendroglial NMDA receptors regulate glucose import and axonal energy metabolism.
Fluorogenic probes for multicolor imaging in living cells.
Fluorescence-activated cell sorting of human l-asparaginase mutant libraries for detecting enzyme variants with enhanced activity.
A novel nuclear genetic code alteration in yeasts and the evolution of codon reassignment in eukaryotes.
Cox26 is a novel stoichiometric subunit of the yeast cytochrome c oxidase.
Phosphorylation modifies the molecular stability of beta-amyloid deposits.
Macaque retinal ganglion cell responses to visual patterns: Harmonic composition, noise, and psychophysical detectability.
A physical model describing the interaction of nuclear transport receptors with FG nucleoporin domain assemblies.
The pathway to GTPase activation of elongation factor SelB on the ribosome.
Dependence of chromatic responses in V1 on visual field eccentricity and spatial frequency: An fMRI study.
Michael L. Johns, Einar O. Fridjonsson, Sarah Vogt, and Agnes Haber (Eds.):Mobile NMR and MRI. Developments and Applications
Backbone and side-chain resonance assignment of the A147T polymorph of mouse TSPO in complex with a high-affinity radioligand.
Allosteric switch regulates protein–protein binding through collective motion.
Mitochondrial protein synthesis adapts to influx of nuclear-encoded protein.
Conformational variability of recombination R-triplex formed by the mammalian telomeric sequence.
High-resolution myocardial T1 mapping using single-shot inversion-recovery fast low-angle shot MRI with radial undersampling and iterative reconstruction.
Stimulated X-ray Raman scattering with free-electron laser sources.
TfAP-2 is required for night sleep in Drosophila.
Nucleosomal arrangement affects single-molecule transcription dynamics.
Aquaporin 4 as a NH3 channel.
Single-shot diffraction data from the Mimivirus particle using an X-ray free-electron laser.
Hetero-site-specific X-ray pump-probe spectroscopy for femtosecond intramolecular dynamics.
Bax assembles into large ring-like structures remodeling the mitochondrial outer membrane in apoptosis.
Targeting intrinsically disordered proteins in rational drug discovery.
Equation of state for phospholipid self-assembly.
The use of a combination of RDC and chiroptical spectroscopy for determination of the absolute configuration of fusariumin A from the fungus Fusarium sp.
Calculations of the active mode and energetic barrier to electron attachment to CF3 and comparison with kinetic modeling of experimental results.
Structure of GPN-loop GTPase Npa3 and implications for RNA polymerase II assembly.
Transport selectivity of nuclear pores, phase separation, and membraneless organelles.
Superpriming of synaptic vesicles as a common basis for intersynapse variability and modulation of synaptic strength.
Persistence of slow dynamics in Tb(OETAP)(2) single molecule magnets embedded in conducting polymers.
An atomistic view of amyloidogenic self-assembly: Structure and dynamics of heterogeneous conformational states in the pre-nucleation phase.
Insights into the molecular basis for substrate binding and specificity of the wild-type L-arginine/agmatine antiporter AdiC.
Interface free-energy exponent in the one-dimensional Ising spin glass with long-range interactions in both the droplet and broken replica symmetry regions.
Surfactant adsorption kinetics in microfluidics.
Electron angular distributions of noble gases in sequential two-photon double ionization.
STED nanoscopy with wavelengths at the emission maximum.
A data set from flash X-ray imaging of carboxysomes.
Mice lacking WRB reveal differential biogenesis requirements of tail-anchored proteins in vivo.
The impact of Tip60 gene on antioxidant system.
A quantitative model for cAMP binding to the binding domain of MloK1.
A non-destructive view with X-rays into the strain state of bronze axes.
FDR-control in multiscale change-point segmentation.
Complementarity of PALM and SOFI for super-resolution live-cell imaging of focal adhesions.
Insights into open/closed conformations of the catalytically active human guanylate kinase as investigated by small-angle X-ray scattering.
In memoriam: Bernard (Bernie) A. Shoor
Phi29 Connector-DNA interactions govern DNA crunching and rotation, supporting the check-valve model.
MMseqs software suite for fast and deep clustering and searching of large protein sequence sets.
Structural and chiroptical analysis of naturally occurring (-)-strychnine.
Backbone assignment for minimal protein amounts of low structural homogeneity in the absence of deuteration.
Evaluation of dysphagia by novel real-time MRI.
INA complex links assembly of the nuclear- and mitochondrial-encoded modules of ATP synthase.
Quantum dots and nanoparticles.
Low energy barriers and a dynamic contact network between ribosomal subunits enable Rapid tRNA translocation.
Mechanism of energy conversion during the rotary catalytic cycle of F1-ATPase.
Biomimetic nanopores for studying yeast nuclear pore transport.
The molecular dynamics of ion channel permeation, selectivity and gating.
Insights from the first Principles based large scale protein thermostability calculations.
Molecular dynamics simulations of alpha-synuclein ensemble FRET measurements from different force fields.
Effect of the novel amyloid inhibitor "anle145c" on aggregation of islet amyloid polypeptide and how it is modulated by membranes.
Directing membrane pore and stalk formation in MD simulations with embedded mechanical devices.
Understanding the effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids on rhodopsin using all-atom molecular dynamics simulations.
Luminal long non-coding RNAs regulated by estrogen receptor alpha in a ligand-independent manner show functional roles in breast cancer.
Calcium and cell fate preface.
Sample preparation of biological macromolecular assemblies for the determination of high-resolution structures by cryo-electron microscopy.
Molecular architecture of the human U4/U6.U5 tri-snRNP.
Characterization of magnetic nanoparticles from Magnetospirillum Gryphiswaldense as potential theranostics tools.
Dynamic and flexible H3K9me3 bridging via HP1beta dimerization establishes a plastic state of condensed chromatin.
Oms1 associates with cytochrome c oxidase assembly intermediates to stabilize newly synthesized Cox1.
The Y9P variant of the titin I27 module: Structural determinants of its revisited nanomechanics.
Knockdown of Drosophila hemoglobin suggests a role in 02 homeostasis.
Translational GTPases.
Charge transfer in dissociating iodomethane and fluoromethane molecules ionized by intense femtosecond X-ray pulses.
Effects of the Bowen-Conradi syndrome mutation in EMG1 on its nuclear import, stability and nucleolar recruitment.
Multicolour multilevel STED nanoscopy of actin/spectrin organization at synapses.
Bayesian Markov models consistently outperform PWMs at predicting motifs in nucleotide sequences.
Architecture and RNA binding of the human negative elongation factor.
Amide proton signals as pH indicator for in vivo MRS and MRI of the brain: Responses to hypercapnia and hypothermia.
The MPI bioinformatics Toolkit as an integrative platform for advanced protein sequence and structure analysis.
Plant genome editing in the European Union-to be or not to be-a GMO.
Kinetics of the antibody recognition site in the third IgG-binding domain of protein G.
Vacuum ultraviolet photodissociation of hydrogen bromide.
Femtosecond x-ray scattering study of ultrafast photoinduced structural dynamics in solvated [Co(terpy)(2)](2+).
The BTG4 and CAF1 complex prevents the spontaneous activation of eggs by deadenylating maternal mRNAs.
Thermal stress depletes energy reserves in Drosophila.
Solid-phase synthesis and characterization of N-terminally elongated A beta(-3-x)-peptides.
Topology and structure of an engineered human cohesin complex bound to Pds5B.
Spoiling without additional gradients: Radial FLASH MRI with randomized radiofrequency phases.
Particles in microfluidic systems: Handling, characterization, and applications
A spliceosome intermediate with loosely associated tri-snRNP accumulates in the absence of Prp28 ATPase activity.
NSUN3 and ABH1 modify the wobble position of mt-tRNAMet to expand codon recognition in mitochondrial translation.
High-resolution NMR determination of the dynamic structure of membrane proteins.
S-nitrosylation of endogenous protein tyrosine phosphatases in endothelial insulin signaling.
Preferential binding of a stable G3BP ribonucleoprotein complex to intron-retaining transcripts in mouse brain and modulation of their expression in the cerebellum.
LFQProfiler and RNPxl: Open-source tools for label-free quantification and protein-RNA cross-linking integrated into Proteome Discoverer.
High-power 1H composite pulse decoupling provides artifact free exchange-mediated saturation transfer (EST) experiments.
The adaptor protein CIN85 assembles intracellular signaling clusters for B cell activation.
RNA polymerase I-Rrn3 complex at 4.8 Å resolution.
The organization and contribution of helicases to RNA splicing.
Insights into the function of ion channels by computational electrophysiology simulations.
Local transport measurements in graphene on SiO2 using Kelvin probe force microscopy.
Probing chromatin-modifying enzymes with chemical tools.
Context-dependent sensitivity to mutations disrupting the structural integrity of individual EGF repeats in the mouse Notch ligand DLL1.
Anle138b partly ameliorates motor deficits despite failure of neuroprotection in a model of advanced multiple system atrophy.
Anticancer agent 3-bromopyruvic acid forms a conjugate with glutathione.
Characterizing the solvated structure of photoexcited [Os(terpy)2]2+ with X-ray transient absorption spectroscopy and DFT calculations.
TT-seq maps the human transient transcriptome.
Structure of the exportin Xpo4 in complex with RanGTP and the hypusine-containing translation factor eIF5A.
delta-COP contains a helix C-terminal to its longin domain key to COPI dynamics and function.
The labyrinthine world of Gregorio Weber.
Axonopathy in the central nervous system is the hallmark of mice with a novel intragenic null mutation of dystonin.
Distinct modes of endocytotic presynaptic membrane and protein uptake at the calyx of Held terminal of rats and mice.
"Reduced" coumarin dyes with an O-phosphorylated 2,2-dimethyl-4-(hydroxymethyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline fragment: Synthesis, spectra, and STED microscopy.
Kinetics of spontaneous and EF-G-accelerated rotation of ribosomal subunits.
Axial tubule junctions control rapid calcium signaling in atria.
Coordinated recruitment of Spir actin nucleators and myosin V motors to Rab11 vesicle membranes.
A quantitative model for cAMP binding to the binding domain of MIoK1.
Why calcium? How calcium became the best communicator.
In vivo brain MR imaging at subnanoliter resolution: Contrast and histology.
Open data set of live cyanobacterial cells imaged using an X-ray laser.
Nanometer resolution optical coherence tomography using broad bandwidth XUV and soft X-ray radiation.
Limit laws of the empirical Wasserstein distance: Gaussian distributions.
TIM29 is a subunit of the human carrier translocase required for protein transport.
Inferential structure determination of chromosomes from single-cell Hi-C data.
Measurements of structures and concentrations of carbon particle species in premixed flames by the use of in-situ wide angle X-ray scattering.
Cone opponency: An efficient way of transmitting chromatic information.
Relocking of intrinsic angular momenta in collisions of diatoms with ions: Capture of H2(j=0,1) by H2+
Prominent role of multielectron processes in K-shell double and triple photodetachment of oxygen anions.
Structure of RNA polymerase I transcribing ribosomal DNA genes.
Rational design of cyclic peptide inhibitors of U2AF homology motif (UHM) domains to modulate pre-mRNA splicing.
DPP9 is a novel component of the N-end rule pathway targeting the tyrosine kinase Syk.
Ultrastructural anatomy of nodes of Ranvier in the peripheral nervous system as revealed by STED microscopy.
Cell scientist to watch – Melina Schuh
Crystal structure of a DNA catalyst.
Structural basis of transcription: 10 years after the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
BMI1 regulates PRC1 architecture and activity through homo- and hetero-oligomerization.
Calpain-mediated cleavage of collapsin response mediator protein-2 drives acute axonal degeneration.
Stereochemical analysis of (+)-limonene using theoretical and experimental NMR and chiroptical data.
SNARE-mediated membrane fusion trajectories derived from force-clamp experiments.
The exportin Xpo4 recognizes eIF5A through its unique amino acid hypusine for nuclear export.
Elucidation of tonic and activated B cell receptor signaling in Burkitt's lymphoma reveals insights into non-oncogene addiction.
Synapse on a chip: SNARE-mediated membrane fusion in planar pore-spanning membranes.
Intrinsically disordered proteins in neurodegeneration.
A non-canonical voltage sensor controls gating in K2P K+ channels.
Atomistic and reaction- kinetic modelling for engineering of fatty acid synthase.
From CRYO-EM densities to atom coordinates and ensembles with Bayes approach.
Bilateral sampling randomized singular value decomposition.
The ribosome in action: Tuning of translational efficiency and protein folding.
Zbtb20 modulates the sequential generation of neuronal layers in developing cortex.
Environmental Breviatea harbour mutualistic Arcobacter epibionts.
Phosphorylation of FEZ1 by microtubule affinity regulating kinases regulates its function in presynaptic protein trafficking.
Analysis of protein phosphorylation in nerve terminal reveals extensive changes in active zone proteins upon exocytosis.
tRNA wobble modifications and protein homeostasis.
Vibrational inelasticity of highly vibrationally excited NO on Ag(111).
Shock wave and modeling study of the reaction CF4 (+ M) <--> CF3 + F (+ M).
Engineering nanobodies for super-resolution imaging and native protein complex isolation.
Accurate and rigorous prediction of the changes in protein free energies in a large-scale mutation scan.
ER arrival sites for COPI vesicles localize to hotspots of membrane trafficking.
Perspective: The first ten years of broadband chirped pulse Fourier transform microwave spectroscopy.
Advances in real-time phase-contrast flow MRI using asymmetric radial gradient echoes.
Partial least squares for dependent data.
Correlating structure and electronic band-edge properties in organolead halide perovskites nanoparticles.
Hair cells use active zones with different voltage dependence of Ca2+ influx to decompose sounds into complementary neural codes.
Progresses in understanding N-ethylmaleimide sensitive factor (NSF) mediated disassembly of SNARE complexes.
Active and repressive chromatin-associated proteome after MPA treatment and the role of midkine in epithelial monolayer permeability.
Multiple protein-protein interactions converging on the Prp38 protein during activation of the human spliceosome.
Chitinases and imaginal disc growth factors organize the extracellular matrix formation at barrier tissues in insects.
Determinants of RNA metabolism in the Schizosaccharomyces pombe genome.
Calcium promotes the formation of syntaxin 1 mesoscale domains through phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate.
Mechanism of APC/C-CDC20 activation by mitotic phosphorylation.
Transcription initiation complex structures elucidate DNA opening.
Elucidation of tonic and activated B-cell receptor signaling in Burkitt's lymphoma provides insights into regulation of cell survival.
Protein cofactor competition regulates the action of a multifunctional RNA helicase in different pathways.
An alignment medium for measuring residual dipolar couplings in pure DMSO: Liquid crystals from graphene oxide grafted with polymer brushes.
Functional hallmarks of a catalytic DNA that makes lariat RNA.
Sleep-active neuron specification and sleep induction require FLP-11 neuropeptides to systemically induce sleep.
Finite-size critical scaling in Ising spin glasses in the mean-field regime.
Meet our editorial board member.
Structural and functional analysis of the RNA helicase Prp43 from the thermophilic eukaryote Chaetomium thermophilum.
Crystal structure of an ammonia-permeable aquaporin.
The bicoid mRNA localization factor Exuperantia is an RNA-binding pseudonuclease.
Native Piezo2 interactomics identifies pericentrin as a novel regulator of Piezo2 in somatosensory neurons.
Actin- and myosin-dependent vesicle loading of presynaptic docking sites prior to exocytosis.
Analyzing protein-phosphoinositide interactions with liposome flotation assays.
Real-time MRI of the temporomandibular joint at 15 frames per second: A feasibility study.
Carboxylated photoswitchable diarylethenes for biolabeling and super-resolution RESOLFT microscopy.
High resolution observed in 800 MHz DNP spectra of extremely rigid type III secretion needles.
NuSol: Numerical solver for the 3D stationary nuclear Schrödinger equation.
Environmental and genetic factors support the dissociation between α-synuclein aggregation and toxicity.
Desymmetrization of an octahedral coordination complex inside a self-assembled exoskeleton.
FBXO3 protein promotes ubiquitylation and transcriptional activity of AIRE (Autoimmune Regulator).
ASC pyrin domain self-associates and binds NLRP3 protein using equivalent binding interfaces.
Real-time MRI of swallowing: Intraoral pressure reduction supports larynx elevation.
Inhibition of DNA replication and miscoding potential of minor groove alkylation: Structure-function insight from 3-deazaadenosines.
16-channel bow tie antenna transceiver array for cardiac MR at 7.0 tesla.
Continuous high throughput nanofluidic separation through tangential-flow vertical nanoslit arrays.
Stereochemical analysis of menthol and menthylamine isomers using calculated and experimental optical rotation data.
Model-based reconstruction for T1 mapping using single-shot inversion-recovery radial FLASH.
Rotationally resolved vacuum ultraviolet resonance-enhanced multiphoton ionization (VUV REMPI) of acetylene via the G̃ Rydberg state.
NSUN3 and ABH1 modify the wobble position of mt-tRNAMet to expand codon recognition in mitochondrial translation.
Molecular architecture of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae activated spliceosome.
ATPγS stalls splicing after B complex formation but prior to spliceosome activation.
Revisiting adult neurogenesis and the role of erythropoietin for neuronal and oligodendroglial differentiation in the hippocampus.
Sensitivity of diffusion-weighted STEAM MRI and EPI-DWI to infratentorial ischemic stroke.
Structure of monomeric transthyretin carrying the clinically important T119M mutation.
Heptad-specific phosphorylation of RNA polymerase II CTD.
Mediator architecture and RNA polymerase II interaction.
A one donor–two acceptor lipid bilayer FRET assay based on asymmetrically labeled liposomes.
Cross relaxation in nitroxide spin labels.
The SND proteins constitute an alternative targeting route to the endoplasmic reticulum.
Characterization of prion protein function by focal neurite stimulation.
Polarization control in an X-ray free-electron laser.
Comment on "Extended-resolution structured illumination imaging of endocytic and cytoskeletal dynamics"
Closed loop neuroscience
Breaking the diffraction limit of light-sheet fluorescence microscopy by RESOLFT.