Legal Concepts of Terrorism as Political Crime and International Criminal Law in Eighteenth and Nineteenth Century Europe
Pension Re-Reform in Bolivia
Contract in Favour of a Third party
National Liberation Movements
Conclusions and Perspectives for Future Research
Interpretration of Statutes, History of
Judge-made Law
Discussion: Custom and Living Law. Introduction
The Need for a New Constitution: Irish Constitutional Change 1932 – 1935
Interpretation of Contracts
Evidence law
A good European - Hans Edgar Jahn - Anti-Bolshevist, Cold-Warrior, Environmentalist
Justice for Muslim Women in India: The Sinuous Path of the All India Muslim Women Personal Law Board
Oracula Leonis
Legal Responses to Violent Political Crimes in 19th Century Central Europe
[Review of: Cassel, Pär Kristoffer: Grounds of Judgment. Extraterritoriality and Imperial Power in Nineteenth-Century China and Japan. Oxford 2012]
Statutory Interpretation
International commercial arbitration in South Asia. A comparative study
Alan S. Milward and a Century of European Change
Federalism, Direct Democracy and the Quality of Public Deliberation: the Gmo Debate
Muslim immovable gifts: to register or not to register… that was the question. Recent developments following ‘Hafeeza Bibi v. Shaikh Farid’ [Academic blog post on hypotheses.org]
[Review of: The Making of a European Public Sphere: Media Discourse and Political Contention. Edited by Ruud Koopmans and Paul Statham. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2010]
Lessons of Imperialism and of the Law of Nations. Alberico Gentili’s Early Modern Appeal to Roman Law [Review of: Alberico Gentili, The Wars of the Romans. A Critical Edition and Translation of De Armis Romanis, Oxford, Oxford University Press, 2011 and Benedict Kingsbury and Benjamin Straumann(eds), The Roman Foundations of the Law of Nations. Alberico Gentili and the Justice of Empire, Oxford, Oxford University Press, 2010]
Friendship, Trade and Navigation Treaties with the La Plata States in the Middle of the 19th Century
Legal Scholarship
Common Law
Precedent, Rule of
[Review of: Origins of the Irish Constitution, 1928-1941, edited by Gerard Hogan. Royal Irish Academy 2012]
The Drafting of the Common European Sales Law: an Assessment and Suggestions for Improvement
The Apostolic See and the World: Challenges and risks facing global history. Invitation to debate
In Defense of Commercial Capitalism: Lessius, Partnerships and the Contractus Trinus
Rumour Propagation as a Form of Social Control. A Case from Dictatorial Chile