Synaptotagmin 1 is necessary for the Ca2+ dependence of clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
Bayesian approach to MSD-based analysis of particle motion in live cells.
A structural perspective on Mediator function
The MOF-containing NSL complex associates globally with housekeeping genes, but activates only a defined subset
Comparative dynamic transcriptome analysis (cDTA) reveals mutual feedback between mRNA synthesis and degradation
Mechanism of translesion transcription by RNA polymerase II and its role in cellular resistance to DNA damage
Conservation between the RNA polymerase I, II, and III transcription initiation machineries
Traveling-wave deceleration of heavy polar molecules in low-field-seeking states.
Backbone assignment of perdeuterated proteins using long-range H/C-dipolar transfers.
The role of UBL domains in ubiquitin-specific proteases.
Guest–host interactions investigated by time-resolved X-ray spectroscopies and scattering at MHz rates: Solvation dynamics and photoinduced spin transition in aqueous Fe(bipy)3 2+
Transparent electrode materials for simultaneous amperometric detection of exocytosis and fluorescence microscopy.
The MOF-containing NSL complex associates globally with housekeeping genes, but activates only a defined subset.
HHblits: Lightning-fast iterative protein sequence searching by HMM-HMM alignment.
Solid-state NMR spectroscopy of functional amyloid from a fungal hydrophobin: A well-ordered β-sheet core amidst structural heterogeneity.
Discriminative modelling of context-specific amino acid substitution probabilities.
Guest-host van der Waals interactions decisively affect the molecular transport in mesoporous media.
The Spt5 C-terminal region recruits yeast 3= RNA cleavage factor I
Measurement of genome-wide RNA synthesis and decay rates with Dynamic Transcriptome Analysis (DTA)
Biogenesis of multisubunit RNA polymerases
Allosteric antibody inhibition of human hepsin protease
Crosslinking-MS analysis reveals RNA polymerase I domain architecture and basis of rRNA cleavage
Engineering the DNA cytosine-5 methyltransferase reaction for sequence-specific labeling of DNA.
The XXmotif web server for eXhaustive, weight matriX-based motif discovery in nucleotide sequences.
RNA polymerase III subunit architecture and implications for open promoter complex formation
Physical origin underlying the entropy loss upon hydrophobic hydration.
One Hand Clapping: detection of condition-specific transcription factor interactions from genome-wide gene activity data
CTD tyrosine phosphorylation impairs termination factor recruitment to RNA polymerase II
Online monitoring of intelligent polymers for drug release with hyperpolarized xenon.
Mediator phosphorylation prevents stress response transcription during non-stress conditions
High resolution electrophysiological techniques for the study of calcium-activated exocytosis.
MC EMiNEM maps the interaction landscape of the Mediator
pH-based one pot synthesis of biocompatible olive shaped inorganic particles.
Calibrating spatio-temporal models of leukocyte dynamics against in vivo live-imaging data using approximate Bayesian computation.
Coarse-grain simulations reveal movement of the synaptobrevin C-terminus in response to piconewton forces
Structure of the Mediator head module
The transition from meiotic to mitotic spindle assembly is gradual during early mammalian development.
Goodbye homunculus.
A movie of RNA polymerase II transcription
Dynamic architecture of a minimal RNA polymerase II open promoter complex
DBIRD complex integrates alternative mRNA splicing with RNA polymerase II transcript elongation.
Exocytosis of synaptic vesicles – molecular machines, calcium, and beyond.
Teaching an old dog new tricks: Using the flowing afterglow to measure kinetics of electron attachment to radicals, ion–ion mutual neutralization, and electron catalyzed mutual neutralization.
Compact multi-channel STED microscopy and its application to biological co-localisation analyses.
Dynamics in lipid metabolism: A CARS approach.
The spliceosome in constitutive splicing.
The dissociation/recombination reaction CH4 (+M) ⇔ CH3 + H (+M): A case study for unimolecular rate theory.
Investigation of protein–RNA interactions by mass spectrometry: Techniques and applications.
Novel roles of C. elegans heterochromatin protein HP1 and linker histone in the regulation of innate immune gene expression
On the determination of absolute vibrational excitation probabilities in molecule-surface scattering: Case study of NO on Au(111).
Auger spectrum of a water molecule after single and double core ionization.
Atomic model of the type III secretion system needle.
Adaptive wavelet estimation of the diffusion coefficient under additive error measurements.
Balance of human choline kinase isoforms is critical for cell cycle regulation: Implications for the development of choline kinase-targeted cancer therapy.
PKCγ participates in food entrainment by regulating BMAL1.
Recognition between a short unstructured peptide and a partially folded fragment leads to the thioredoxin fold sharing native-like dynamics.
Structural and functional interactions of alpha-synuclein with mithocondia.
Box H/ACA snoRNAs are preferred substrates for the trimethylguanosine synthase in the divergent unicellular eukaryote Trichomonas vaginalis.
Glycolytic oligodendrocytes maintain myelin and long-term axonal integrity.
Production of a beam of highly vibrationally excited CO using perturbations.
Comparison of Overhauser DNP at 0.34 and 3.4 T with Frémy’s salt.
Molecular dynamics in principal component space.
Study of synaptic vesicle cycling during exo- and endocytosis using optical approaches.
Allosteric control of cAMP receptor binding dynamics.
Regulation of archicortical arealization by the transcription factor Zbtb20.
Steroid-induced microRNA let-7 acts as a spatio-temporal code for neuronal cell fate in the developing Drosophila brain.
Does late sleep promote depression?
2-{[(4-{[(2-Hydroxyphenyl)(phenyl)methylidene]amino}butyl)imino](phenyl) methyl}phenol.
(E)-1-(2-Hydroxy-5-methoxybenzylidene)thiosemicarbazide.
{4,4'-Dimethyl-2,2'-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}copper(II) monohydrate.
{4,4'-Dichloro-2,2'-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}copper(II).
Catena-Poly[{[mu]3-4,4',6,6'-tetrabromo-2,2'-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}{[mu]2-4,4',6,6'-tetrabromo-2,2'-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}dicopper(II)].
{4,4',6,6'-Tetraiodo-2,2'-[(2,2-dimethylpropane-1,3-diyl)bis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}nickel(II).
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetraiodo-2,2′-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1, 3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}copper(II).
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetrabromo-2,2′-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1, 3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}nickel(II).
Synthesis and characterization of copper(II) complexes incorporating pyrazolyl-derived N,S-donor bidentate ligands.
Catena-Poly[{μ3-4,4′,6,6′-tetra­bromo-2,2′-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilo­methan­ylyl­­idene)]diphenolato}{μ2-4,4′,6,6′-tetra­bromo-2,2′-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]dipheno­lato}dicopper(II)].
Profiling structured beams using injected aerosols.
Noise-robust coherent diffractive imaging with a single diffraction pattern.
Dynamic switch of the signal recognition particle from scanning to targeting.
Aggregate clearance of α-synuclein in Saccharomyces cerevisiae depends more on autophagosome and vacuole function than on the proteasome.
Asymmetrically modified nucleosomes expand the histone code.
The Prp8 RNase H-like domain inhibits Brr2-mediated U4/U6 snRNA unwinding by blocking Brr2 loading onto the U4 snRNA.
Locally adaptive image denoising by a statistical multiresolution criterion.
Evolution of the eukaryotic ARP2/3 activators of the WASP family: WASP, WAVE, WASH, and WHAMM, and the proposed new family members WAWH and WAML.
Cwc2 and its human homologue RBM22 promote an active conformation of the spliceosome catalytic centre.
Structural basis behind the interaction of Zn2+ with the protein α-synuclein and the Aβ peptide: A comparative analysis.
Thermal coefficients of the methyl groups within ubiquitin.
Generation of animals allowing the conditional inactivation of the Pax4 gene.
Lewis base mediated autoionization of GeCl2 and SnCl2.
Determining the absolute configuration of (+)-mefloquine HCl, the side-effect-reducing enantiomer of the antimalaria drug Lariam.
Quantitative intensity-based FRET approaches-A comparative snapshot.
The photochemistry of [FeIIIN3(cyclam-ac)]PF6 at 266 nm.
Discovery and structure activity relationship of small molecule inhibitors of toxic β-amyloid-42 fibril formation
Inferential NMR/X-ray-based structure determination of a dibenzo[a,d]cycloheptenone inhibitor-p38a MAP kinase complex in solution.
Characterization of molecular determinants of the conformational stability of macrophage migration inhibitory factor: Leucine 46 hydrophobic pocket
Psychophysical and physiological responses to gratings with luminance and chromatic components of different spatial frequencies.
Unraveling unidirectional threading of α-cyclodextrin in a [2]rotaxane through spin labeling approach.
ENDOR spectroscopy and DFT calculations: Evidence for the hydrogen-bond network within α2 in the PCET of E. coli ribonucleotide reductase.
Biophysical properties and cellular toxicity of covalent crosslinked oligomers of α-synuclein formed by photoinduced side-chain tyrosyl radicals
Ubiquitin-specific protease-like 1 (USPL1) is a SUMO isopeptidase with essential, non-catalytic functions.
Membrane lateral structure: The influence of immobilized particles on domain size.
Yeast Ist2 recruits the endoplasmic reticulum to the plasma membrane and creates a ribosome-free membrane microcompartment.
Measuring the kinetics of conformational sampling during binding with NMR spectroscopy.
Red-emitting rhodamines with hydroxylated, sulfonated, and phosphorylated dye residues and their use in fluorescence nanoscopy.
Linoleic acid positioning in psi factor producing oxygenase A, a fusion protein with an atypical cytochrome P450 activity.
Determinants of iinteraction specificity of the Bacillus subtilis GlcT antitermination protein: Funktionality and phosphorylation specificity depend on the arrangement of the regulatory domains.
Impact of methylations of m2G966/m5C967 in 16S rRNA on bacterial fitness and translation initiation.
Linear-scaling soft-core scheme for alchemical free energy calculations.
Cohesin acetyltransferase Esco2 is a cell viability factor and is required for cohesion in pericentric heterochromatin.
Clock genes and sleep.
Phosphorylation site localization in peptides by MALDI MS/MS and the Mascot Delta Score.
Assessment of lesion pathology in a new animal model of MS by multiparametric MRI and DTI.
Similarity of SABRE field dependence in chemically different substrates.
An unexpectedly low oscillator strength as the origin of the Fe xvii emission problem.
A setup for resonant inelastic soft x-ray scattering on liquids at free electron laser light sources.
4,4',6,6'-Tetrachloro-2,2'-[(1E,1'E)-propane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenol.
Comparative studies on regulation of SNARE complex formation by the SM protein Sly1p".
High-precision laser-assisted absolute determination of x-ray diffraction angles.
Chemical synthesis of RNA.
Time-resolved photoelectron diffraction on laser-aligned molecules.
Robotic microRNA in-situ hybridization by locked nucleic acid probes with advanced controls.
Vibrational excitation and relaxation of NO molecules scattered from a Au(111) surface.
Line-Tension Controlled Mechanism for Influenza Fusion.
Viscoelasticity of thin biomolecular films: A case study on nucleoporin phenylalanine-glycine repeats grafted to a histidine- tag capturing QCM-D sensor.
Synthesis of two SAPAP3 isoforms from a single mRNA is mediated via alternative translational initiation.
The guanine nucleotide exchange factor Vav2 is a negative regulator of parathyroid hormone receptor/G(q) signaling.
Seg1 controls eisosome assembly and shape.
Fuzzyness of globular and aggregating proteins in neurodegeneration: an NMR spectroscopic view.
Supramolecular structure of membrane-associated polypeptides by combining solid-state NMR and molecular dynamics simulations.
Analysis by kinetic modeling of the temperature dependence of thermal electron attachment to CF3Br.
Balance of human choline kinase isoform expression is critical for cell cycle regulation: Implications for the development of choline kinase-targeted cancer therapy.
Quantitative assessment of protein interaction with methyl-lysine analogues by hybrid computational and experimental approaches.
Refined representation of falloff curves for the reaction HO + NO2 + N2 → (HONO2, HOONO) + N2.
Lewis base mediated dismutation of trichlorosilane.
Solid-state NMR characterization of Alzheimer-like tau amyloid fibrils.
Thermodynamics of the GTP-GDP operated conformational switch of selenocysteine-specific translation factor SelB.
Halogenated volatile anesthetics alter brain metabolism as revealed by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy of mice in vivo.
Overhauser DNP with 15N labelled Frémy's salt at 0.35 Tesla.
Enabling grand-canonical Monte Carlo: extending the flexibility of GROMACS through the GromPy python interface module.
Membrane lateral structure: the influence of immobilized particles on domain size.
Dg-Dys-Syn1 signaling in Drosophila regulates the microRNA profile.
GROMACS: Fast, flexible, and free.
On th role of excitonic interactions in carotenoid-phthalocyanine dyads and implications for photosynthetic regulation.
Prp2-mediated protein rearrangements at the catalytic core of the spliceosome as revealed by dcFCCS.
OKB, a novel family of brain-gut neuropeptides from insects.
Intrinsically disordered proteins: from sequence and conformational properties toward drug discovery.
Real-time phase-contrast MRI of cardiovascular blood flow using undersampled radial fast low-angle shot and nonlinear inverse reconstruction.
BC1-FMRP interaction is modulated by 2'-O-methylation: RNA-binding activity of the tudor domain and translational regulation at synapses.
Molecular driving forces defining lipid positions around aquaporin-0.
Exploring protein dynamics space: The dynasome as the missing link between protein structure and function.
Introduction: Regulated exocytosis.
Line-tension controlled mechanism for influenza fusion.
Identification of endogenous SUMO1 accepter sites by mass spectrometry.
Lipid droplets control the maternal histone supply of Drosophila embryos.
rsEGFP2 enables fast RESOLFT nanoscopy of living cells.
Aqua{4,4',6,6'-tetrachloro-2,2'-[(2,2-dimethylpropane-1,3-diyl)bis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}zinc.
MITRAC links mitochondrial protein translocation to respiratory-chain assembly and translational regulation.
An orthorhombic polymorph of 2-(1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl)-6-ethoxyphenol.
Phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate increases the Ca2+ affinity of synaptotagmin-1 40-fold.
One, two, three: how histone methylation is read.
Diurnal rhythm of circulating nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (Nampt/Visfatin/PBEF): impact of sleep loss and relation to glucose metabolism.
Visual signal processing in the macaque lateral geniculate nucleus.
Thermodynamics of phospholipid self-assembly.
Reduced muscle contraction and a relaxed posture during sleep-like Lethargus.
Aggregation of alpha Synuclein promotes progressive in vivo neurotoxicity in adult rat dopaminergic neurons.
Ribosome clearance by FusB-type proteins mediates resistance to the antibiotic fusidic acid.
The role of adipose tissue circadian clocks in metabolic-maintenance.
Resonant x-ray emission spectroscopy with free electron lasers: Nonequilibrium electron dynamics in highly excited polar semiconductors.
Neural locus of color afterimages.
Quality control of mRNA decoding on the bacterial ribosome.
Shape constrained regularisation by statistical multiresolution for inverse problems: asymptotic analysis.
Reconstituted SNARE-mediated fusion: Towards a mechanistic understanding.
4-Bromo-2-[(E)-(2-{2-[(2-{[(E)-5-bromo-2-hydroxybenzylidene]amino}phenyl)sulfanyl]ethylsulfanyl}phenyl)iminomethyl]phe-nol.
Catena-Poly[{μ3-4,4′,6,6′-tetra­chloro-2,2′-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilo­methanyl­yl­­idene)]diphenolato}{μ2-4,4′,6,6′-tetra­chloro-2,2′-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]diphenolato}dicopper(II)].
Application of a multi-SO3H Brønsted acidic ionic liquid in water: A highly efficient and reusable catalyst for the regioselective and scaled-up synthesis of pyrazoles under mild conditions.
Negative linear compression and expanding NH N bonds in an imidazoline compound.
Syntheses, crystal structures, and antibacterial activities of two cobalt(III) complexes.
Synthesis of novel tricyclic and tetracyclic sultone scaffolds via intramolecular 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition reactions.
A multi-GPU programming library for real-time applications.
The transcription factor Uncx4.1 acts in a short window of midbrain dopaminergic neuron differentiation.
(E)-1-(3-Ethoxy-2-hydroxybenzylidene)thiosemicarbazide.
Ultra-efficient ionization of heavy atoms by intense X-ray free-electron laser pulses
(E)-4-[(4-Di­ethyl­amino-2-hy­dr­oxy­benzyl­­idene)amino]­benzoic acid.
Appearance of plasmons in fullerenes.
Coulomb explosion imaging of small organic molecules at LCLS.
(E)-4-Amino-N′-(5-bromo-2-hy­dr­oxy­benzyl­­idene)benzohydrazide mono­hydrate.
4,6-Di­bromo-2-[(E)-(4-{[(E)-3,5-di­bromo-2-hy­dr­oxy­benzyl­­idene]amino}­butyl)­imino­meth­yl]phenol.
Reactivity of diorganotin(IV) dichlorides towards N, P, and O donor ligands: Crystal structure of [SnMe2Cl2(phendione)].
Identification and characterization of FAM124B as a novel component of a CHD7 and CHD8 containing complex.
Photofragmentation translational spectroscopy of methyl azide (CH3N3) photolysis at 193 nm: molecular and radical channel product branching ratio.
Lipid droplet-based storage fat metabolism in Drosophila.
Predicting the structure of cyclic lipopeptides by bioinformatics: Structure revision of arthrofactin.
Structural comparison of mouse and human α-synuclein amyloid fibrils by solid-state NMR.
Time-resolved near-edge x-ray absorption fine structure spectroscopy on photo-induced phase transitions using a tabletop soft-x-ray spectrometer.
Relative and absolute configuration of vatiparol (1mg): A novel anti-inflammatory polyphenol.
Geometry, dynamics, and electronic structure of DNA-carbon nanotube hybrids.
Circadian desynchrony promotes metabolic disruption in a mouse model of shiftwork.
A rod domain sequence in segment 1B triggers dimerisation of the two small Branchiostoma IF proteins B2 and A3.
Coherent localization exhibited by unequal Auger Doppler components.
2-((E)-{3-[(E)-2-Hydroxy-3,5-diiodobenzylideneamino]-2,2-dimethylpropyl} iminomethyl)-4,6-diiodophenol.
2,4-Dibromo-6-[(E)-({3-[(E)-(3,5-dibromo-2-oxidobenzylidene)azaniumyl]-2, 2-dimethylpropyl}iminiumyl)methyl]phenolate.
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetrachloro-2,2′-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1, 3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]}nickel(II).
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetrachloro-2,2′-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1, 3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]}copper(II).
4,6-Dichloro-2-{[(E)-(3-{[(E)-3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzylidene]amino}-2, 2-dimethylpropyl)imino]methyl}phenol.
Structural characterization of nanoscale meshworks within a nucleoporin FG hydrogel.
Evidence for ultra-fast heating in intense-laser irradiated reduced-mass targets.
Real-time MRI: The ultimate quest for speed.
Direct observation of correlated protein motions detected by NMR spectroscopy.
Ultracentrifugation in the analysis and purification of spliceosomes assembled In Vitro.
Bulla in the lung
Genomics and phylogeny of cytoskeletal proteins: Tools and analyses.
Dissecting local atomic and intermolecular interactions of transition-metal ions in solution with selective X-ray spectroscopy.
Functional principles of the permeability barrier that guards vertebrate nuclear pore complexes.
Real-time MRI: recent advances using radial FLASH.
A phylogenetic analysis of the Brassicales clade based on an alignment-free sequence comparison method.
Genes encoding cytoplasmic intermediate filament proteins of vertebrates revisited: Identification of a cytoplasmic intermediate filament protein in the sea anemone Nematostella.
Syk kinase-coupled C-type lectin receptors engage protein kinase C-delta to elicit Card9 adaptor-mediated innate immunity.
Super-resolution STED microscopy advances with yellow CW OPSL.
Lateral order in gel, subgel and crystalline phases of lipid membranes: Wide-angle X-ray scattering.
Partial least squares functional mode analysis: Application to the membrane proteins AQP1, Aqy1 and CLC-ec1.
Quantitative mass spectrometry-based proteomics: An overview.
Parallel imaging with nonlinear reconstruction using variational penalties.
Kinetic control of translation initiation in bacteria.
Orienting polar molecules without hexapoles: optical state selection with adiabatic orientation.
Monomeric Sn(II) and Ge(II) hydrides supported by a tridentate pincer-based ligand
Determination of amyloid core structure using chemical shifts.
The channel-forming Sym1 protein is transported by the TIM23 complex in a presequence-independent manner.
A kinetic database for astrochemistry (KIDA).
Tissue-specific interaction of Per1/2 and Dec2 in the regulation of fibroblast circadian rhythms.
Luminance and chromatic contributions to a hyperacuity task: Isolation by contrast polarity and target separation.
Late motor decline after accomplished remyelination: Impact for progressive multiple sclerosis.
Dark state photophysics of nitrogen–vacancy centres in diamond.
Novel insights into the architecture and protein interaction network of yeast eIF3.
Fluorescence correlation spectroscopy with a total internal reflection fluorescence STED microscope (TIRF-STED-FCS).
Drift estimation for single marker switching based imaging schemes.
Psoromic acid derivatives: A new family of small-molecule pre-mRNA splicing inhibitors discovered by a stage-specific high-throughput in vitro splicing assay.
Structures during binding cAMP receptor to promotor DNA: promotor search slowled by non-specific sites.
Functional fat body proteomics and gene targeting reveal in vivo functions of Drosophila melanogaster α-Esterase-7.
Mixed crystalline lithium organics and interconversion in solution.
Masked red-emitting carbopyronine dyes with photosensitive 2-diazo-1-indanone caging group.
The non-redundant function of cohesin acetyltransferase Esco2: some answers and new questions.
How SNARE molecules mediate membrane fusion: Recent insights from molecular simulations.
In vivo localization and identification of SUMOylated proteins in the brain of His6-HA-SUMO1 knock-in mice.
Development and Regeneration in the Endocrine Pancreas
Balanced interactions of calcineurin with AKAP79 regulate Ca2+–calcineurin–NFAT signaling.
Methods to improve the sample quality of macromolecular complexes for structure determination by 3D electron cryo-microscopy.
Enabling grand-canonical Monte Carlo: extending the flexibility of GROMACS through the GromPy python interface module.
The cryo-EM structure of the UPF-EJC complex shows UPF1 poised toward the RNA 3 ' end.
Hyperpolarized binding pocket nuclear Overhauser effect for determination of competitive ligand binding
Structure of the RBD-PRDI fragment of the antiterminator protein GlcT.
Exceeding the limit of dynamics studies on biomolecules using high spin-lock field strengths with a cryogenically cooled probehead.
Cis- and trans-membrane interactions of synaptotagmin-1.
Heterodimerization of serotonin receptors 5-HT1A and 5-HT7 differentially regulates receptor signalling and trafficking.
Evolution of the eukaryotic dynactin complex, the activator of cytoplasmic dynein.
Structural and functional characterization of the two phosphoinositide binding sites of PROPPINs.
Monomeric Sn(II) and Ge(II) hydrides supported by a tridentate pincer-based ligand.
Block of Kv1.7 potassium currents increases glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
The histone H2B monoubiquitination regulatory pathway is required for differentiation of multipotent stem cells.
Synthesis, gene silencing, and molecular modeling studies of 4 '-C-aminomethyl-2 '-O-methyl modified small interfering RNAs.
Methylation of K9 in histone H3 directs alternative modes of highly dynamic interaction of heterochromatin protein hHP1β with the nucleosome.
Controlling synaptotagmin activity by electrostatic screening.
Synthesis and characterization of RNA containing a rigid and nonperturbing cytidine-derived spin label.
Incorporation of 4'-C-aminomethyl-2'-O-methylthymidine into DNA by thermophilic DNA polymerases.
Functional dynamics in the voltage-dependent anion channel.
Activity-dependent modulation of endocytosis by calmodulin at a large central synapse.
Ubiquitin dynamics in complexes reveal molecular recognition mechanisms beyond induced fit and conformational selection.
Design of peptide-membrane interactions to modulate single-file water transport through modified gramicidin channels.
Web interface for brownian dynamics simulation of ion transport and its applications to beta-barrel pores.
{4,4′-Dimeth­oxy-2,2′-[2,2-dimethyl­propane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilo­methanylyl­idene)]diphenolato}copper(II) monohydrate.
Electrochemical synthesis and crystal structure of zinc(II) complexes with N2N′2S2 amide–thioether hexadentate ligands.
(E)-4-Amino-N′-(2-hy­dr­oxy-5-methyl­benzyl­­idene)benzohydrazide.
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetra­iodo-2,2′-[(2,2-di­methyl­propane-1,3-di­yl)bis­­(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]diphenolato}nickel(II).
(E)-4-Amino-N'-(5-chloro-2-hydroxybenzylidene)benzohydrazide.
(E)-4-Amino-N'-(5-bromo-2-hydroxybenzylidene)benzohydrazide monohydrate.
CASS—CFEL-ASG software suite.
Nanoplasma dynamics of single large xenon clusters irradiated with superintense x-ray pulses from the linac coherent light source free-electron laser.
X-ray-optical cross-correlator for gas-phase experiments at the Linac Coherent Light Source free-electron laser.
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetra­bromo-2,2′-[(2,2-di­methyl­propane-1,3-di­yl)bis­­(nitrilo­methanylyl­­idene)]diphenolato}copper(II).
Thematic review series: Lipid droplet synthesis and metabolism: from yeast to man lipid droplet-based storage fat metabolism in Drosophila.
Bimetallic Au-Pt/TiO2 photocatalysts active under UV-A and simulated sunlight for H-2 production from ethanol.
Synergistic trail sensitizers from Barleria alluaudii and Diospyros maritima.
Intracellular localization and routing of miRNA and RNAi pathway components.
Exploring the reactions of Fe+ and FeO+ with NO and NO2.
Spatial distributions of cone inputs to cells of the parvocellular pathway investigated with cone-isolating gratings.
Bilayer dimensions and hydration of glycolipids.
Molecular machines governing exocytosis of synaptic vesicles.
Dreiklang - the one, two, three in photoswitching.
Ultrafast time dynamics studies of periodic lattices with free electron laser radiation.
Exceeding the limit of dynamics studies on proteins using NMR spectroscopy.
Chiral discrimination of amines by anisotropic NMR parameters using chiral polyacrylamide-based gels.
Universal relaxation governs the nonequilibrium elasticity of biomolecules.
Evaluating nonpolarizable nucleic acid force fields: A systematic comparison of the nucleobases hydration free energies and water-chloroform partition coefficients.
Maturation-dependent HIV-1 surface protein redistribution revealed by fluorescence nanoscopy.
Solid immersion facilitates fluorescence microscopy with nanometer resolution and sub-Ångström emitter localization.
Membrane fusion intermediates via directional and full assembly of the SNARE complex.
Imaging nanometer-sized α-synuclein aggregates by superresolution fluorescence localization microscopy.
Stam2 expression pattern during embryo development.
Fractional deuteration applied to biomolecular solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Phosphorylation-regulated axonal dependent transport of syntaxin 1 is mediated by a Kinesin-1 adapter.
Munc18-1 mutations that strongly impair SNARE-complex binding support normal synaptic transmission.
A myelin gene causative of a catatonia-depression syndrome upon aging.
Erythropoietin attenuates neurological and histological consequences of toxic demyelination in mice.
Real-time magnetic resonance imaging of normal swallowing.
Identification of selective inhibitors of the potassium channel Kv1.1–1.2(3) by high-throughput virtual screening and automated patch clamp.
Driving forces and structural determinants of steric zipper peptide oligomer formation elucidated by atomistic simulations.
Photochemical reactions in biological systems: probing the effect of the environment by means of hybrid quantum chemistry/molecular mechanics simulations.
Phosphorylated 3-heteroarylcoumarins and their use in fluorescence microscopy and nanoscopy.
Conferral of allostery to Thermus sp GH5 methylglyoxal synthase by a single mutation.
Synergistic TRAIL sensitizers from Barleria alluaudii and Diospyros maritima.
Balance of human choline kinase isoforms is critical for cell cycle regulation Implications for the development of choline kinase-targeted cancer therapy.
Antisense-targeted immuno-EM localization of the pre-mRNA path in the spliceosomal C complex.
Modulation of a photoswitchable dual-color quantum dot containing a photochromic FRET acceptor and an internal standard.
Molecular architecture of Zinc chelating small molecules that inhibit spliceosome assembly at an early stage.
Evaluation of a shuttle DNP spectrometer by calculating the coupling and global enhancement factors of l-tryptophan.
Dynamic nuclear polarization at high magnetic fields in liquids.
The permeability of reconstituted nuclear pores provides direct evidence for the selective phase model.
Partitioning, diffusion, and ligand binding of raft lipid analogs in model and cellular plasma membranes.
A molecular switch driving inactivation in the cardiac K+ channel hERG.
STED nanoscopy of the living brain.
Ultrafast dynamics of the indoline dye D149 on electrodeposited ZnO and sintered ZrO2 and TiO2 thin films.
Circadian clock genes Per1 and Per2 regulate the response of metabolism-associated transcripts to sleep disruption.
Protonation patterns in reduced and oxidized form of electron transfer proteins.
G protein regulator 1 (GPR-1) localizes to cortical sites of artificial mechanical indentation in Caenorhabditis elegans zygotes.
Evidence for point transformations in photoactive molecular crystals by the photoinduced creation of diffuse diffraction patterns.
Myelin mapping in the central nervous system of living mice using contrast-enhanced magnetization transfer MRI.
The miRNA-212/132 family regulates both cardiac hypertrophy and cardiomyocyte autophagy.
Simultaneous chromatic and luminance human electroretinogram responses.
Structures of apo and product-bound human L-asparaginase: Insights into the mechanism of autoproteolysis and substrate hydrolysis.
Enabling grand-canonical Monte Carlo: Extending the flexibility of GROMACS through the GromPy python interface module.
mMaple: A photoconvertible fluorescent protein for use in multiple imaging modalities.
Mapping the potential energy landscape of intrinsically disordered proteins at amino acid resolution
β-sheet core of Tau paired helical filaments revealed by solid-state NMR
Measuring Ca2+-induced structural changes in lipid monolayers: implications for synaptic vesicle exocytosis.
Novel 4-amino bis-pyridinium and bis-quinolinium derivatives as choline kinase inhibitors with antiproliferative activity against the human breast cancer SKBR-3 cell line.
An NMR-based scoring function improves the accuracy of binding pose predictions by docking by two orders of magnitude.
Opposite and redundant roles of the two Drosophila perilipins in lipid mobilization.
Geometry, dynamics, and electronic structure of DNA–carbon nanotube hybrids.
Heterochromatin protein 1 forms distinct complexes to direct histone deacetylation and DNA methylation
The inner-mitochondrial distribution of Oxa1 depends on the growth conditions and on the availability of substrates.
Correlating calcium binding, Förster resonance energy transfer, and conformational change in the biosensor TN-XXL
Bioinorganic chemistry of copper coordination to alpha-synuclein: relevance to Parkinson's disease.
Hydrogen bond dynamics in crystalline β-9-anthracene carboxylic acid - A combined crystallographic and spectroscopic study.
4,6-Dichloro-2-[(E)-(2-{[(E)-3,5-dichloro-2-oxidobenzylidene]azaniumyl}ethyl)iminiumylmethyl]phenolate.
The Human Cytomegalovirus DNA Polymerase Processivity Factor UL44 Is Modified by SUMO in a DNA-Dependent Manner.
4-Bromo-2-[(E)-(2-{2-[(2-{[(E)-5-bromo-2-hydroxybenzylidene]amino}phenyl)sulfanyl]ethylsulfanyl}phenyl)iminomethyl]phenol.
(E)-4-Amino-N'-(2-hydroxy-5-methylbenzylidene)benzohydrazide.
{4,4'-Dimethoxy-2,2'-[2,2-dimethylpropane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}copper(II) monohydrate.
2-[(Z)-(3-{[(Z)-2-Hydroxy-3,5-diiodobenzylidene]amino}propylimino)methyl]-4,6-diiodophenol.
4,6-Dibromo-2-[(E)-(4-[(E)-3,5-dibromo-2-hydroxybenzylidene]aminobutyl) iminomethyl]phenol.
2-[(Z)-(3-{[(Z)-2-Hy-droxy-3,5-diiodo-benzyl-idene]amino}-propyl-imino) -meth-yl]-4,6-diiodo-phenol.
4,6-Dichloro-2-((E)-{4-[(E)-3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzylideneamino] butylimino}methyl)phenol.
(E)-3-[(2-Hy­dr­oxy-3-meth­­oxy­benzyl­­idene)amino]­benzoic acid.
4-Amino-2-hydroxybenzohydrazide.
Catena-Poly[{[mu]3-4,4',6,6'-tetrachloro-2,2'-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}{[mu]2-4,4',6,6'-tetrachloro-2,2'-[butane-1,4-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}dicopper(II)].
{4,4′,6,6′-Tetra­iodo-2,2′-[propane-1,3-diylbis(nitrilo­methanylyl­idene)]diphenolato-κ4O,N,N′,O′}nickel(II).
Fractal morphology, imaging and mass spectrometry of single aerosol particles in flight.
N-glycan recognition by the cyanobacterial Oscillatoria aghardii lectin.
The preparation of HeLa cell nuclear extracts.
Fascinated by NMR since 30 years.
DNA catalysts for synthetic applications in biomolecular chemistry.
Cold-induced changes in the protein ubiquitin.
Disrupted circadian rhythms in a mouse model of schizophrenia.
Integration of organic fluorophores in the surface of polymer-coated colloidal nanoparticles for sensing the local polarity of the environment.
Ultrafast primary processes of an iron-(III) azido complex in solution induced with 266 nm light.
Dynamic protein-protein interaction wiring of the human spliceosome.
Supramolecular non-amyloid intermediates in the early stages of α-synuclein aggregation.
Rcf1 mediates cytochrome oxidase assembly and respirasome formation, revealing heterogeneity of the enzyme complex.
STED with wavelengths closer to the emission maximum.
Highly solvatochromic 7-aryl-3-hydroxychromones.
APC15 mediates CDC20 autoubiquitylation by APC/C-MCC and disassembly of the mitotic checkpoint complex.
Crystal structure of Cwc2 reveals a novel architecture of a multipartite RNA-binding protein.
On the kinetic modeling of electron attachment to polyatomic molecules.
The reciprocal relationship between primordial germ cells and pluripotent stem cells.
RNA-cleaving DNA enzymes and their potential therapeutic applications as antibacterial and antiviral agents.
Conservation and divergence between cytoplasmic and muscle-specific actin capping proteins: insights from the crystal structure of cytoplasmic Cap32/34 from Dictyostelium discoideum.
End-to-end Distance determination in a cucurbit[6]uril-based rotaxane by PELDOR spectroscopy.
Standard tensorial analysis of local ordering in proteins from residual dipolar couplings.
New soft-core potential function for molecular dynamics based alchemical free energy calculations.
Beta-barrel mobility underlies closure of the voltage-dependent anion channel.
Real-time assembly landscape of bacterial 30S translation initiation complex.
Multiquantum vibrational excitation of NO scattered from Au(111): quantitative comparison of benchmark data to Ab initio theories of nonadiabatic molecule-surface interactions.
Surface photochemistry probed by two-photon photoemission spectroscopy.
Efficient binding of 4/7 α-conotoxins to nicotinic α4β2 receptors is prevented by Arg185 and Pro195 in the α4 subunit.
Structure and activity of the only human RNase T2.
Emerging views about the molecular structure of the spliceosomal catalytic center.
Structural basis for functional cooperation between tandem helicase cassettes in Brr2-mediated remodeling of the spliceosome.
The claudin megatrachea protein complex.
Novel red fluorophores with superior performance in STED microscopy.
Is enantiomer assignment possible by NMR spectroscopy using residual dipolar couplings from chiral nonracemic alignment media?—A critical assessment.
Electro-optical analysis of macromolecular structure and dynamics.
Effects of lipid structure on the state of aggregation of potassium channel KcsA.
Statistical multiresolution Dantzig estimation in imaging: Fundamental concepts and algorithmic framework.
Multigrain crystallography.
Nanoscopy in a living mouse brain.
MRT letter: Nanoscopy of protein colocalization in living cells by STED and GSDIM.
Novel roles of Caenorhabditis elegans heterochromatin protein HP1 and linker histone in the regulation of innate immune gene expression.
MINOS1 is a conserved component of mitofilin complexes and required for mitochondrial function and cristae organization.
Similar intracellular Ca2+ requirements for inactivation and facilitation of voltage-gated Ca2+ channels in a glutamatergic mammalian nerve terminal.
Stimulated emission depletion live-cell super-resolution imaging shows proliferative remodeling of T-tubule membrane structures after myocardial infarction.
Influenza virus binds its host cell using multiple dynamic interactions.
Use of principal component analysis and molecular docking to identify novel selective plasmepsin II inhibitors.
Computer-aided drug design for membrane channel proteins.
Assembly, structural dynamics and function of the spliceosome.
Transcriptional repression of Hox genes by C. elegans HP1/HPL and H1/HIS-24.
Controlled enzyme-catalyzed degradation of polymeric capsules templated on CaCO3: Influence of the number of LbL layers, conditions of degradation, and disassembly of multicompartments.
Nanoscopy of living brain slices with low light levels.
Phosphorylation of histone H3 Ser10 establishes a hierarchy for subsequent intramolecular modification events.
Reversibly switchable rnhanced green fluorescent protein (rsEGFP): A novel photochromic fluorescent protein enables RESOLFT-type microscopy of living cells at low light intensities.
Aqua{4,4′,6,6′-tetra­chloro-2,2′-[(2,2-di­methylpropane-1,3-diyl)bis­(nitrilomethanylyl­idene)]diphenolato}zinc.
4,6-Di­chloro-2-[(E)-(2-{[(E)-3,5-di­chloro-2-oxido­benzyl­­idene]aza­nium­yl}eth­yl)iminiumylmeth­yl]phenolate.
Limitations of high-intensity soft X-ray laser fields for the characterisation of water chemistry: Coulomb explosion of the octamer water cluster.
Communication: Revised electron affinity of SF6 from kinetic data.
On the role of excitonic interactions in carotenoid-phthalocyanine dyads and implications for photosynthetic regulation.
Heterochromatin protein 1 forms distinct complexes to direct histone deacetylation and DNA methylation.
Correlating calcium binding, Förster resonance energy transfer, and conformational change in the biosensor TN-XXL.
Multiple binding sites for fatty acids on the potassium channel KcsA.
Web-based digital gene expression atlases for the mouse.
Distinct subsets of syt-IV/BDNF vesicles are sorted to axons versus dendrites and recruited to synapses by activity.
Alternative pre-mRNA splicing: Theory and protocols.
Phase diagram of ternary cholesterol/palmitoylsphingomyelin/palmitoyloleoyl-phosphatidylcholine mixtures: spin-label EPR study of lipid-raft formation.
Efficient and environmentally-benign three-component synthesis of quinolines and bis-quinolines catalyzed by recyclable potassium dodecatungstocobaltate trihydrate under microwave irradiation.
Next generation endstation for concurrent measurements of charged products and photons in LCLS FEL experiments.
Multiphoton ionization of xenon at the LCLS free-electron laser.
Single-particle structure determination by correlations of snapshot X-ray diffraction patterns.
Ultrafast transitions from solid to liquid and plasma states of graphite induced by X-ray free-electron laser pulses.
(E)-3-[(3-Eth-oxy-2-hy-droxy-benzyl-idene)amino]-benzoic acid.
{4,4'-dimethyl-2,2'-[(2,2-dimethylpropane-1,3-diyl) bis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato}nickel(II) monohydrate.
Bis(dimethylformamide-κO){4,4′,6,6′-tetrachloro-2, 2-[butane-1,4-diyl(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenolato-κ4O,N, N′,O′}nickel(II).
4,4',6,6'-Tetrabromo-2,2'-[(E,E)-ethane-1,2-diylbis(nitrilomethanylylidene)]diphenol.
(E)-4-Amino-N'-(2-hydroxy-5-methoxybenzylidene)benzohydrazide monohydrate.
Application of a multi-SO 3H Bronsted acidic ionic liquid in water: A highly efficient and reusable catalyst for the regioselective and scaled-up synthesis of pyrazoles under mild conditions.
4-Amino-2-hy­dr­oxy­benzohydrazide.