Extracellular proteasome-osteopontin circuit regulates cell migration with implications in multiple sclerosis.
Multi-level strategy for identifying proteasome-catalyzed spliced epitopes targeted by CD8+ T cells during bacterial infection.
Basis of catalytic assembly of the mitotic checkpoint complex.
Chromosome segregation: Is the spindle all about microtubules?
Singlet order conversion and parahydrogen-induced hyperpolarization of 13C nuclei in near-equivalent spin systems.
First passage time statistics for two-channel diffusion.
A cdk1 gradient guides surface contraction waves in oocytes.
Analysis of cytokinesis by electron microscopy.
The spectraplakin Short stop is an essential microtubule regulator involved in epithelial closure in Drosophila.
Accurate evaluation of finite Laguerre series.
EPR Interactions - Hyperfine couplings.
Decrease in newly generated oligodendrocytes leads to changed myelin structures and motor dysfunctions that are rescued by transplanted cells.
Antimicrobial peptide turns the ribosome into a release factor trap.
Structural ensembles of intrinsically disordered proteins using all-atom molecular simulation.
Mechanical characterization of phase separated FG particles using Atomic Force Microscopy techniques.
Structure and self-assembly of elastin-like peptides: A joint molecular dynamics and NMR study.
Architecture of a transcribing-translating expressome.
Backbone assignment of perdeuterated proteins by solid-state NMR using proton detection and ultrafast magic-angle spinning.
Core Mediator structure at 3.4 Å extends model of transcription initiation complex.
Fluorescent photoswitchable diarylethenes for biolabeling and single molecule localization microscopies with optical superresolution.
Cryo-EM structure of a human spliceosome activated for step 2 of splicing.
The structure of the COPI coat determined within the cell.
In vivo mouse and live cell STED microscopy of neuronal actin plasticity using far-red emitting fluorescent proteins.
Signal recognition particle binds to translating ribosomes before emergence of a signal anchor sequence.
Ligand manipulation of charge transfer excited state relaxation and spin crossover in [Fe(2,2'-bipyridine)2(CN)2].
Resolving the atomistic modes of anle138b inhibitory action on peptide oligomer formation.
Putidaredoxin binds to the same site on cytochrome P450cam in the open and closed conformation.
Histidine substitution in the most flexible fragments of firefly luciferase modifies its thermal stability.
Tuning the oxygen reduction activity and stability of Ni(OH)2@Pt/C catalysts through controlling Pt surface composition, strain, and electronic structure.
Actin protects mammalian eggs against chromosome segregation errors.
Quantifying non-ergodicity of anomalous diffusion with higher order moments.
Effect of fusidic acid on the kinetics of molecular motions during EF-G-induced translocation on the ribosome.
Kinetic and spectroscopic studies of the reaction of CF2 with H2 in shock waves.
Shock wave and theoretical modeling study of the dissociation of CH2F2 II. Secondary reactions.
Microglia-derived ASC specks cross-seed amyloid-beta in Alzheimer's disease.
Label-free NMR-based dissociation kinetics determination.
Building bridges through science.
Guanosine anxiolytic-like effect involves adenosinergic and glutamatergic neurotransmitter systems.
An eigenvalue approach for the automatic scaling of unknowns in model-based reconstructions: Application to real-time phase-contrast flow MRI.
Actin Waves do not boost neurite outgrowth in the early stages of neuron maturation.
Two-photon spectra of chlorophylls and carotenoid–tetrapyrrole dyads.
Accurate promoter and enhancer identification in 127 ENCODE and roadmap epigenomics cell types and tissues by GenoSTAN.
Co-translational protein folding: Progress and methods.
Movements of the tongue during lip trills in horn players: Real-time MRI insights.
Mechanochemical energy transduction during the main rotary step in the synthesis cycle of F1-ATPase.
Thio-modification of tRNA at the wobble position as regulator of the kinetics of decoding and translocation on the ribosome.
A studentized permutation test for three-arm trials in the 'gold standard' design.
The MICOS component Mic60 displays a conserved membrane-bending activity that is necessary for normal cristae morphology.
How tRNAs dictate nuclear codon reassignments: Only a few can capture non-cognate codons.
Drosophila Chitinase 2 is expressed in chitin producing organs for cuticle formation.
On the Bethe-Wigner-Shapiro limit of the rate coefficient for the capture of a rotating quadrupolar polarisable diatom by an ion.
Architecture of the RNA polymerase II-Paf1C-TFIIS transcription elongation complex.
Autocovariance estimation in regression with a discontinuous signal and m-dependent errors: A difference-based approach.
Dynamics of volume-averaged intracellular Ca2+ in a rat CNS nerve terminal during single and repetitive voltage-clamp depolarizations.
An activated Q-SNARE/SM protein complex as a possible intermediate in SNARE assembly.
Mid-infrared laser-induced fluorescence with nanosecond time resolution using a superconducting nanowire single-photon detector: New technology for molecular science.
Materials nanoarchitecturing via cation-mediated protein assembly: Making limpet teeth without mineral.
Selective 1H-1H distance restraints in fully protonated proteins by very fast magic-angle spinning solid-state NMR.
RNA-dependent chromatin association of transcription elongation factors and Pol II CTD kinases.
Nuclear codon reassignments in the genomics era and mechanisms behind their evolution.
Olfactory bulbectomy in mice triggers transient and long-lasting behavioral impairments and biochemical hippocampal disturbances.
Protonation dependent water permeation of ion binding pocket of Na+ bound Na+, K+-ATPase.
Dynamics and energetics of elongation factor SelB in the ternary complex and the ribosome.
Rab interacting molecules 2 and 3 directly interact with the pore-forming CaV1.3 Ca2+ channel subunit and promote its membrane expression.
Interplay among electrostatic, dispersion, and steric interactions: Spectroscopy and quantum chemical calculations of pi-hydrogen bonded complexes.
ESIPT and FRET probes for monitoring nanoparticle polymer coating stability.
Complete NMR assignment and conformational analysis of 17-α-ethinylestradiol by using RDCs obtained in grafted graphene oxide.
Post-translational peptide splicing and T cell responses.
A new role for FBP21 as regulator of Brr2 helicase activity.
Liquid-liquid phase separation of the microtubule-binding repeats of the Alzheimer-related protein Tau.
Reconstitution of calcium-mediated exocytosis of dense-core vesicles.
Insight into the molecular recognition mechanism of the coactivator NCoA1 by STAT6.
Human METTL16 is a N6-methyladenosine (m6A) methyltransferase that targets pre-mRNAs and various non-coding RNAs.
MMseqs2 enables sensitive protein sequence searching for the analysis of massive data sets.
Gpufit: An open-source toolkit for GPU-accelerated curve fitting.
Ribosome dynamics during decoding.
Genetic background-dependent effects of murine micro RNAs on circadian clock function.
Versatile magnetic resonance singlet tags compatible with biological conditions
Aptamers provide superior stainings of cellular receptors studied under super-resolution microscopy.
Both Nodal signalling and stochasticity select for prospective distal visceral endoderm in mouse embryos.
Mechanism of transcription anti-termination in human mitochondria.
INA complex liaises the F1Fo-ATP synthase membrane motor modules.
Geometric and electronic properties in a series of phosphorescent heteroleptic Cu(I) complexes: Crystallographic and computational studies.
Achromatic light patterning and improved image reconstruction for parallelized RESOLFT nanoscopy.
Ground state depletion nanoscopy resolves semiconductor nanowire barcode segments at room temperature.
Coordinate-targeted fluorescence nanoscopy with multiple off-states.
The guided entry of tail-anchored proteins machinery is involved in mis-targeting of mitochondrial proteins to the endoplasmic.
Structural dynamics of monomeric alpha-synuclein on the ps-mu s time scale derived from MD simulations.
Structural dynamics of the 70S ribosome during translocation monitored by single-molecule FRET.
New insights into COPI-mediated trafficking.
Total intravenous anaesthesia using propofol and sufentanil allows controlled long-term ventilation in rabbits without neuromuscular blocking agents.
The untimely separation of chromosomes and kinetochores in human oocytes may explain the maternal age effect.
Actin protects mammalian eggs against chromosome segregation errors.
Proteome-pI: Proteome isoelectric point database.
Analysis of the NK2 homeobox gene ceh-24 reveals sublateral motor neuron control of left-right turning during sleep.
AFM/TIRF force clamp measurements of neurosecretory vesicle tethers reveal characteristic unfolding steps.
Mapping the secretome of human chondrogenic progenitor cells with mass spectrometry.
Hoxa9 and Meis1 cooperatively induce addiction to Syk signaling by suppressing miR-146a in acute myeloid leukemia.
Simultaneous mapping of water shift and B-1(WASABI)-Application to field-inhomogeneity correction of CEST MRI data.
Gating charge calculations by computational electrophysiology simulations.
Accurate three states model for amino acids with two chemically coupled titrating sites in explicit solvent atomistic constant pH simulations and pKa calculations.
Coherence transfer and electron T1-, T2-relaxation in nitroxide spin labels.
Glycation potentiates alpha-synuclein-associated neurodegeneration in synucleinopathies.
HH-MOTiF: De novo detection of short linear motifs in proteins by Hidden Markov Model comparisons.
Proteomic profiling of human intraschisis cavity fluid.
Adenosine receptors regulate gap junction coupling of the human cerebral microvascular endothelial cells hCMEC/D3 by Ca2+ influx through cyclic nucleotide-gated channels.
The conserved protein Seb1 drives transcription termination by binding RNA polymerase II and nascent RNA.
Identification of a small molecule inhibitor that stalls splicing at an early step of spliceosome activation.
Spt5 plays vital roles in the control of sense and antisense transcription elongation.
Genetic algorithm approach to global optimization of the full-dimensional potential energy surface for hydrogen atom at fcc-metal surfaces.
Mechanisms of aneuploidy in human eggs.
An endstation for resonant inelastic X-ray scattering studies of solid and liquid samples.
Assignment of the absolute configuration of aurantoside G and J.
CHARMM36m: An improved force field for folded and intrinsically disordered proteins.
Substrate-assisted mechanism of RNP disruption by the spliceosomal Brr2 RNA helicase.
Real time band selective F-1-decoupled proton NMR for the demixing of overlay spectra of chiral molecules.
Piecewise Structural Equation Model (SEM) disentangles the environmental conditions favoring Diatom Diazotroph Associations (DDAs) in the Western Tropical North Atlantic (WTNA).
Spectroscopic evidence for a H bond network at Y356 located at the subunit interface of active E. coli ribonucleotide reductase.
RIM-binding protein 2 promotes a large number of CaV1.3 Ca2+-channels and contributes to fast synaptic vesicle replenishment at hair cell active zones.
Structural basis for polyproline-mediated ribosome stalling and rescue by the translation elongation factor EF-P.
Degree of biomimicry of artificial spider silk spinning assessed by NMR spectroscopy.
Cis-regulatory elements explain most of the mRNA stability variation across genes in yeast.
CDK9-dependent RNA polymerase II pausing controls transcription initiation.
Ectopic expression of Pax4 in pancreatic δ cells results in β-like cell neogenesis.
Debranchase-resistant labeling of RNA using the 10DM24 deoxyribozyme and fluorescent modified nucleotides.
Mechanism of RNA polymerase II stalling by DNA alkylation.
Manipulating charge transfer excited state relaxation and spin crossover in iron coordination complexes with ligand substitution.
Three-dimensional angstrom resolution in fluorescence microscopy: Insight into protein structure.
Highly nuclear-spin-polarized deuterium atoms from the UV photodissociation of deuterium iodide.
Vibrational relaxation of highly vibrationally excited CO scattered from Au(111): Evidence for CO- formation.
Photosynthesis: Nature's power switching station.
Statistical analysis on the performance of molecular mechanics Poisson-Boltzmann surface area versus absolute binding free energy calculations: Bromodomains as a case study.
Long-term GABA administration induces alpha cell-mediated beta-like cell neogenesis.
Mechanistic insight into the assembly of the HerA-NurA helicase-nuclease DNA end resection complex.
A method for the acute and rapid degradation of endogenous proteins.
Symmetry, dynamics, and defects in methylammonium lead alide perovskites.
Two distinct membrane potential-dependent steps drive mitochondrial matrix protein translocation.
BCAS1 expression defines a population of early myelinating oligodendrocytes in multiple sclerosis lesions.
Halogen bonding in nucleic acid complexes.
Capture of dense core vesicles at synapses by JNK-dependent phosphorylation of Synaptotagmin-4.
Bichromophoric compounds with orthogonally and parallelly arranged chromophores separated by rigid spacers.
Structural insights into the mechanism of the DEAH-box RNA helicase Prp43.
t-SNARE transmembrane domain clustering modulates lipid organization and membrane curvature.
Cryo-EM structure of a pre-catalytic human spliceosome primed for activation.
Fluorescence nanoscopy in cell biology.
The RES complex is required for efficient transformation of the precatalytic B spliceosome into an activated Bact complex.
Biochemical and structural insights into the interaction of myristoylated cargo with Unc119 protein and their release by Arl2/3.
A new method to predict the electronic circular dichroism spectra of proteins.
Neuroprotective effects of intranasal Guanosine: Wide theurapeutic window and a possible mechanism.
Localization and ordering of lipids around Aquaporin-0: Proteinand lipid mobility effects.
Persistence barcodes versus Kolmogorov signatures: Detecting modes of one-dimensional signals.
Adapting data-independent acquisition for mass spectrometry-based protein site-specific N-glycosylation analysis.
Reaction path averaging: Characterizing the structural response of the DNA double helix to electron transfer.
Shock wave studies of the pyrolysis of fluorocarbon oxygenates. II. The thermal dissociation of C4F8O.
Local spin dynamics of iron oxide magnetic nanoparticles dispersed in different solvents with variable size and shape: A H-1 NMR study.
Mechanochemical energy transduction during the main rotary step in the synthesis cycle of F-1-ATPase.
Reverse allostasis in biological systems: Minimal conditions and implications.
Insect haptoelectrical stimulation of Venus flytrap triggers exocytosis in gland cells.
Structural molecular biology - A personal reflection on the occasion of John Kendrew's 100th birthday.
Conditional switch between frameshifting regimes upon translation of dnaX mRNA.
Evidence for electron–hole pair excitation in the associative desorption of H2 and D2 from Au(111).
A two-component adhesive: Tau fibrils arise from a combination of a well-defined motif and conformationally flexible interactions.
The mechanism of sirtuin 2–mediated exacerbation of alpha-synuclein toxicity in models of Parkinson disease.
Phospho-ubiquitin-PARK2 complex as a marker for mitophagy defects.
Rapid diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the brain without susceptibility artifacts: Single-shot STEAM with radial undersampling and iterative reconstruction.
Nanodiscs for INPHARMA NMR Characterization of GPCRs: Ligand Binding to the Human A2A Adenosine Receptor.
Conserved RNA polymerase II initiation complex structure.
Cryogenic optical localization provides 3D protein structure data with Angstrom resolution.
Genomic innovations, transcriptional plasticity and gene loss underlying the evolution and divergence of two highly polyphagous and invasive Helicoverpa pest species.
Guanosine prevents anhedonic-like behavior and impairment in hippocampal glutamate transport following amyloid-β1–40 administration in mice.
The collision-free photochemistry of methyl azide at 157 nm: Mechanism and energy release.
Drosophila melanogaster as a model of muscle degeneration disorders.
Is protein deuteration beneficial for proton detected solid-state NMR at and above 100 kHz magic-angle spinning?
Exploring the binding pathways of the 14-3-3ζ protein: Structural and free-energy profiles revealed by Hamiltonian replica exchange molecular dynamics with distancefield distance restraints.
Dynamical sensitivity control of a single-spin quantum sensor.
Hepatic gene therapy rescues high-fat diet responses in circadian Clock mutant mice.
Water-soluble, thermostable, photomodulated color-switching quantum dots.
GABA signaling stimulates α-cell-mediated β-like cell neogenesis.
Small molecule-induced soluble oligomers of α-synuclein with helical structure.
Data-driven coarse graining of large biomolecular structures.
Non-canonical binding site for bacterial initiation factor 3 on the large ribosomal subunit.
Gd3+-chelated lipid accelerates solid-state NMR spectroscopy of seven-transmembrane proteins.
An evolutionarily conserved glycine-tyrosine motif forms a folding core in outer membrane proteins.
SRpHi ratiometric pH biosensors for super-resolution microscopy.
Identifiability for blind source separation of multiple finite alphabet linear mixtures.
Shock wave and theoretical modeling study of the dissociation of CH2F2 I. Primary processes.
High-affinity functional fluorescent ligands for human β-adrenoceptors.
Membrane tension increases fusion efficiency of model membranes in the presence of SNAREs.
WIsH: Who is the host? Predicting prokaryotic hosts from metagenomic phage contigs.
Nanometer resolution imaging and tracking of fluorescent molecules with minimal photon fluxes.
Reliable quantification of 1,2-dihydroxynaphthalene in urine using a conjugated reference compound for calibration.
The landscape of human mutually exclusive splicing.
Ectopic expression of Pax4 in pancreatic δ cells results in β-like cell neogenesis
Expression and function of the zinc finger transcription factor Sp6-9 in the spider Parasteatoda tepidariorum.
Acupuncture causes serotonin release by mast cells.
Aqueous ligand-stabilized palladium nanoparticle catalysts for parahydrogen induced 13C hyperpolarization.
Alignment, orientation, and Coulomb explosion of difluoroiodobenzene studied with the pixel imaging mass spectrometry (PImMS) camera.
Ultrafast IR spectroscopy of photo-induced electron transfer in self-assembled donor-acceptor coordination cages.
Non-equilibrium hydrogen exchange for determination of H-bond strength and water accessibility in solid proteins.
Elucidating the structure of an infectious protein.
Spastic paraplegia-linked phospholipase PAPLA1 is necessary for development, reproduction, and energy metabolism in Drosophila.
CHARMM36: An improved force field for folded and intrinsically disordered proteins.
Gromex: Electrostatics with chemical variability for realistic molecular simulations on the exascale.
One-thousand-fold enhancement of high field liquid nuclear magnetic resonance signals at room temperature.
Structural basis for λN-dependent processive transcription antitermination.
9 angstrom structure of the COPI coat reveals that the Arf1 GTPase occupies two contrasting molecular environments.
Temperature dependence of protein-water interactions in a gated yeast aquaporin.
A class of circadian long non-coding RNAs mark enhancers modulating long-range circadian gene regulation.
MCPIP1 exogenous overexpression inhibits pathways regulating MYCN oncoprotein stability in neuroblastoma.
Uniclust databases of clustered and deeply annotated protein sequences and alignments.
Tissue-specific dissociation of diurnal transcriptome rhythms during sleep restriction in mice.
Trapping-desorption and direct-scattering of formaldehyde at Au(111).
Measurement of backbone hydrogen-deuterium exchange in the type III secretion system needle protein PrgI by solid-state NMR.
Hot carrier relaxation in CdTe via phonon-plasmon modes.
TT-seq captures enhancer landscapes immediately after T-cell stimulation.
Accelerated computing in magnetic resonance imaging: Real-time imaging using nonlinear inverse reconstruction.
Protein dynamics: From structure to function.
Dispersion and damping of the interband pi plasmon in graphene grown on Cu(111) foils.
Adaptive-illumination STED nanoscopy.
Molecular simulations of the ribosome and associated translation factors
Fluorescence and light scattering approaches to study mechanisms of translation initiation on LL mRNAs.
Towards a mechanistic understanding of ribosomal function.
Ultrastructural examination of double-strand break repair foci with super high-resolution microscopy.
Movements of the glottis during horn performance: A pilot study.
Syntrophic linkage between predatory Carpediemonas and specific prokaryotic populations.
Oxidized phagosomal NOX2 complex is replenished from lysosomes.
Distribution and evolution of stable single alpha-helices (SAH domains) in myosin motor proteins.
Genome-wide analysis of RNA polymerase II termination at protein-coding genes.
The obesity-related adipokinetic hormone controls feeding and expression of neuropeptide regulators of Drosophila metabolism.
Identification of the upward movement of human CSF in vivo and its relation to the brain venous system.
Interaction between transcription factors PAX6/PAX6-5a and specific members of miR-183-96-182 cluster, may contribute to glioma progression in glioblastoma cell lines.
Serotonin transporter associated protein complexes are enriched in synaptic vesicle proteins and proteins involved in energy metabolism and ion homeostasis.
A genetic study based on PCNA-ubiquitin fusions reveals no requirement for PCNA polyubiquitylation in DNA damage tolerance.
Ion and velocity map imaging for surface dynamics and kinetics.
Ablation of BAF170 in developing and postnatal dentate gyrus affects neural stem cell proliferation, differentiation, and learning.
Ribosome rearrangements at the onset of translational bypassing.
Recent advances in measuring the kinetics of biomolecules by NMR relaxation dispersion spectroscopy.
Mechanisms of sequence dependent translational stalling.
Signal recognition particle prevents N-terminal processing of bacterial membrane proteins.
Towards MRI temperature mapping in real time-the proton resonance frequency method with undersampled radial MRI and nonlinear inverse reconstruction.
Microsecond timescale proton rotating-frame relaxation under magic angle spinning.
Treatment with diphenyl–pyrazole compound anle138b/c reveals that α-synuclein protects melanoma cells from autophagic cell death.
Sexual dimorphism of AMBRA1-related autistic features in human and mouse.
Proton electrochemical gradient: Driving and regulating neurotransmitter uptake.
SUMO conjugation to spliceosomal proteins is required for efficient pre-mRNA splicing.
Rapid SNARE-mediated fusion of liposomes and chromaffin granules with giant unilamellar vesicles.
Hydroxylated fluorescent dyes for live-cell labeling: Synthesis, spectra and super-resolution STED.
MAD2L2 promotes open chromatin in embryonic stem cells and derepresses the Dppa3 locus.
Cholesterol-mediated allosteric regulation of the mitochondrial translocator protein structure.
Mechanistic basis for the recognition of a misfolded protein by the molecular chaperone Hsp90.
Hypoxia-stimulated membrane trafficking requires T-plastin.
Inferring repeat-protein energetics from evolutionary information.
Using the Volta phase plate with defocus for cryo-EM single particle analysis.
Some subtle lessons from the calyx of Held synapse.
Structure based biophysical characterization of the PROPPIN Atg18 shows Atg18 oligomerization upon membrane binding.
pmx Webserver: A user friendly interface for alchemistry
Vesicles: Looking inside the cell.
Asymmetric nanofluidic grating detector for differential refractive index measurement and biosensing.
Effect of polycation structure on interaction with lipid membranes.
Characterisation of tumour-derived microvesicles in cancer patients' blood and correlation with clinical outcome.
Engineering fatty acid synthases (FAS) for custom compound synthesis.
Genome transcription and regulation.
EBF1 binds to EBNA2 and promotes the assembly of EBNA2 chromatin complexes in B cells.
Sensory domain contraction in histidine kinase CitA triggers transmembrane signaling in the membrane-bound sensor.
PHD2 is a regulator for glycolytic reprogramming in macrophages.
Heterogeneous change point inference.
How RNA modification allows non-conventional decoding in mitochondria.
Structural basis of mitochondrial transcription initiation.
Glutamate water gates in the ion binding pocket of Na+ bound Na+, K+-ATPase.
Loss of the histone methyltransferase EZH2 induces resistance to multiple drugs in acute myeloid leukemia.
An unexpected major role for proteasome-catalyzed peptide splicing in generation of T cell epitopes: Is there relevance for vaccine development?
Two novel effectors of trafficking and maturation of the yeast plasma membrane H+ -ATPase.
Human cyclophilin 40 unravels neurotoxic amyloids.
Myosin repertoire expansion coincides with eukaryotic diversification in the Mesoproterozoic era.
Structure of a transcribing RNA polymerase II-DSIF complex reveals a multidentate DNA-RNA clamp.
Yeast Prp2 liberates the 5' splice site and the branch site adenosine for catalysis of pre-mRNA splicing.
An antimicrobial peptide that inhibits translation by trapping release factor trap.
Evolution of hot polaron states with a nanosecond lifetime in a manganite perovskite.
Model-based reconstruction for real-time phase-contrast flow MRI: Improved spatiotemporal accuracy.
Engineering fatty acid synthases for directed polyketide production.
Probing and manipulating intracellular membrane traffic by microinjection of artificial vesicles.
BubR1 promotes Bub3-dependent APC/C inhibition during Spindle Assembly Checkpoint signaling.
Combining cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) and cross-linking mass spectrometry (CX-MS) for structural elucidation of large protein assemblies.
Coulomb-explosion imaging of concurrent CH2BrI photodissociation dynamics.
Structures of transcription pre-initiation complex with TFIIH and Mediator.
Multicolour nanoscopy of fixed and living cells with a single STED beam and hyperspectral detection.
Strong signal increase in STED fluorescence microscopy by imaging regions of subdiffraction extent.
Model evidence from nonequilibrium simulations.
Molecular mechanism of fusion pore formation.
Directing membrane pore formation in MD simulations using an embedded mechanical 'gadget'.
Exocytosis of synaptic vesicles - lessons from biochemistry and functional reconstitution.
BMW is an exceptionally potent actin assembly factor from a human parasite.
Dynamics and energetics of intrinsic tubulin bending: Novel implications for microtubule assembly.
Structural basis of RNA polymerase I transcription initiation.
Role of pore-lining residues in defining the rate of water conduction by Aquaporin-0.
RNF40 regulates gene expression in an epigenetic context-dependent manner.
A false-positive screening hit in fragment-based lead discovery: Watch out for the red herring.
Shock wave studies of the pyrolysis of fluorocarbon oxygenates. I. The thermal dissociation of C3F6O and CF3COF.
Aptamer functionalized silver clusters for STED microscopy.
Superresolution optical magnetic imaging and spectroscopy using individual electronic spins in diamond.
Protein conformational dynamics studied by 15N and 1H R1ρ relaxation dispersion: Application to wild-type and G53A ubiquitin crystals.
A compendium of RNA-binding proteins that regulate microRNA biogenesis.
A Wnt5 activity asymmetry and intercellular signaling via PCP proteins polarize node cells for left-right symmetry breaking.
Assembly studies of six intestinal intermediate filament (IF) proteins B2, C1, C2, D1, D2, and E1 in the nematode C-elegans.
Absence of intramolecular charge transfer with 4-fluoro-N,N-dimethylaniline (DMA4F), contrary to an experimental report supported by computations.
Jitter-correction for IR/UV-XUV pump-probe experiments at the FLASH free-electron laser.
Computational modelling of the cerebral cortical microvasculature: Effect of x-ray microbeams versus broad beam irradiation.
Long-range allosteric regulation of the human 26S proteasome by 20S proteasome-targeting cancer drugs.
Conformational dynamics and allostery in E2:E3 interactions drive ubiquitination: gp78 and Ube2g2.
Implications of the thyroid hormone on neuronal development with special emphasis on the calmodulin-kinase IV pathway.
Ions in action - Studying ion channels by computational electrophysiology in GROMACS.
Molecular simulations of ion permeation in potassium channels.
Temperature and pressure dependences of the reactions of Fe+ with methyl halides CH3X (X = Cl, Br, I): Experiments and kinetic modeling results.
Real-time myocardium segmentation for the assessment of cardiac function variation.
Efficient killing of murine pluripotent stem cells by natural killer (NK) cell requires activation by cytokines and party depends on the activation NK receptor NK2G2D.
A protocol for registration and correction of multicolour STED superresolution images.
Highly efficient soft X-ray spectrometer based on a reflection zone plate for resonant inelastic X-ray scattering measurements.
The desert plant Phoenix dactylifera closes stomata via nitrate-regulated SLAC1 anion channel.
Transmission zone plates as analyzers for efficient parallel 2D RIXS-mapping.
Thermodynamic bounds on the ultra- and infra-affinity of Hsp70 for Its substrates.
Image denoising for real-time MRI.
Cryo-EM structure of the protein-conducting ERAD channel Hrd1 in complex with Hrd3.
Preface [14th International Meeting of the European Calcium Society]
Proton-based structural analysis of a heptahelical transmembrane protein in lipid bilayers.
The BEACH protein LRBA is required for hair bundle maintenance in cochlear hair cells and for hearing.
Cooperation of PtdInsP2 and PtdSer in synaptotagmin-1 membrane binding.
Ca2+-binding protein 2 inhibits Ca2+-channel inactivation in mouse inner hair cells.
Photo-induced radical polarization and liquid-state dynamic nuclear polarization using fullerene nitroxide derivatives.
HSP90 promotes Burkitt lymphoma cell survival by maintaining tonic B cell receptor signaling.
A flexible, GPU - powered fast multipole method for realistic biomolecular simulations in Gromacs.
Shedding light on biofilm formation of Halobacterium salinarum R1 by SWATH-LC/MS/MS analysis of planktonic and sessile cells.
Plasticity of mitochondrial translation.
Two novel effectors of trafficking and maturation of the yeast plasma membrane H+-ATPase.
Cell-permeant large stokes shift dyes for transfection-free multicolor nanoscopy.
Cation selectivity of the presequence translocase channel Tim23 is crucial for efficient protein import.
Stable positioning of Unc13 restricts synaptic vesicle fusion to defined release sites to promote synchronous neurotransmission.
The SmAP2 RNA binding motif in the 3'UTR affects mRNA stability in the crenarchaeum Sulfolobus solfataricus.
Regulation of Prp43-mediated disassembly of spliceosomes by its cofactors Ntr1 and Ntr2.
An axis-specific rotational rainbow in the direct scatter of formaldehyde from Au(111) and its influence on trapping probability.
Evolution of hot polaron states with a nanosecond lifetime in a manganite.
Detection of MET mRNA in gastric cancer in situ. Comparison with immunohistochemistry and sandwich immunoassays.
Alchemical free energy calculations for nucleotide mutations in protein-DNA complexes.
Multivalent cross-linking of actin filaments and microtubules through the microtubule-associated protein Tau.
Structure of outer membrane protein G in lipid bilayers.
Plekhg5-regulated autophagy of synaptic vesicles reveals a pathogenic mechanism in motoneuron disease.
Piccolo promotes vesicle replenishment at a fast central auditory synapse.
Nucleosome-Chd1 structure and implications for chromatin remodelling.
Bioinorganic chemistry of Parkinson's disease: Affinity and structural features of Cu(I) binding to the full-length β-synuclein protein.
Single cell phenotyping reveals heterogeneity among haematopoietic stem cells following infection.
Big-data approaches to protein structure prediction.
Quantifying covalent interactions with resonant inelastic soft X-ray scattering: Case study of Ni2+ aqua complex.
Photobleaching in STED nanoscopy and its dependence on the photon flux applied for reversible silencing of the fluorophore
Cationic and anionic impact on the electronic structure of liquid water.