Giorgio Vasari's Life of Titian : critical misinterpretations and preconceptions concerning venetian drawing
Arabesques, Unicorns and Invisible Masters. The Art Historian's Gaze as symptomatic Action?
The primacy of the line over the word in Leonardo, Mantegna, and Parmigianino
Peacock feathers and falconry in the "Book of Hours of Engelbert of Nassau"
Preface
[Rezension von:] Welche Antike? : konkurrierende Rezeptionen des Altertums im Barock / hrsg. von Ulrich Heinen .... - Wiesbaden : Harrassowitz (Wolfenbütteler Arbeiten zur Barockforschung ; 47)
The Russian Avant-garde and its Eastern Roots : [Rezension von:] L'avanguardia russa, la Siberia e l’Oriente: Kandinsky, Malevič, Filonov, Gončarova (Palazzo Strozzi, Firenze, 27.9.2013-19.1.2014)
Edyth von Haynau: A Viennese Aristocrat in the Futurist Circles of the 1910s
The Power of Lines: Traces and Threads
From Paper to Feathers : The Holy Names of Jesus and Mary from Europe to Mexico
A new catalogue of the Syriac and garshuni manuscripts of the Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana of Florence
From Letter to Line. Artistic Experiments with Pseudo-Script in Late Medieval Italian Painting, Preliminary Remarks
Introduction
Günter Passavant (1928-2014)
Dante's eyes and the abysses of seeing : poetical optics and concepts of images in the "Divine Comedy"
Metrics of justice : a sundial's nomological figuration
Abstraction and Naturalism : the Uffizi "Landscape" and florentine pen-and-ink drawings from Leonardo's early years
Orientalism now : Arafat’s "Kaffiyah" : constructing and deconstructing an image
Giovanni Bellini's private devotional images : a boom around 1500 / Catarina Schmidt Arcangeli
The Qing Patronage of Milanese Art : a Reconsideration on Materiality and Western Art History
Photo archives and the idea of Nation
[Rezension von:] Welche Antike? : konkurrierende Rezeptionen des Altertums im Barock / hrsg. von Ulrich Heinen .... - Wiesbaden : Harrassowitz, 2011 (Wolfenbütteler Arbeiten zur Barockforschung ; 47)
Images and words in exile : Avignon and Italy during the first half of the 14th century (Millennio medievale ; 107) (Strumenti e studi / N.S. 40)
Introduction : photographs, archives and the discourse of nation
Between the limousin and the Holy Land : prisoners, performance, and the portal of San Leonardo at Siponto
New documents for Piero di Cosimo's portrait of Francesco di Bartolo Giamberti
Remembering the middle ages in early modern Italy
Preface
Drawing Knowledge, (Re-)Constructing History: Pascal Coste in Egypt
One saint and two cities: Bernardino da Siena at L'Aquila
Archival Islands, Presences of Disappearance : the Croquison Donation in the Photothek of the Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz
Medieval Column Crosses in Early Modern Bologna
Incarnations of light : picturing feathers in Europe-Mexico, ca. 1400-1600
The power of line : linea III (Linea ; 3)
Vesting walls, displaying structure, crossing cultures : transmedial and transmaterial dynamics of ornament
Doors and Portals around Volkhonka
The impetus of battle : visualizing antagonism in Leonardo
Images take flight : feather art in Mexico and Europe, 1400 - 1700