Exercise training alters DNA methylation patterns in genes related to muscle growth and differentiation in mice
An In Vivo Metabolic Approach for Deciphering the Product Specificity of Glycerate Kinase Proves that Both E. coli's Glycerate Kinases Generate 2-Phosphoglycerate
Computational protein design enables a novel one-carbon assimilation pathway
Tissue-Specific Accumulation and Regulation of Zeaxanthin Epoxidase in Arabidopsis Reflect the Multiple Functions of the Enzyme in Plastids
Unsaturated fatty acids as high-affinity ligands of the C-terminal Per-ARNT-Sim domain from the Hypoxia-inducible factor 3 alpha
Oil palm natural diversity and the potential for yield improvement
Local overexpression of Su(H)-MAPK variants affects Notch target gene expression and adult phenotypes in Drosophila
G-protein coupled receptor-mediated nutrient sensing and developmental control in Aspergillus nidulans
BioMiner: Paving the Way for Personalized Medicine.
MAPK-dependent phosphorylation modulates the activity of Suppressor of Hairless in Drosophila
Editorial: Natural diversity in the new millennium
Quantitative trait loci mapping and transcriptome analysis reveal candidate genes regulating the response to ozone in Arabidopsis thaliana
Metabolomic profiling in tomato reveals diel compositional changes in fruit affected by source-sink relationships
Connecting two arrays: the emerging role of actin-microtubule cross-linking motor proteins.
Coordination of Standards in MetabOlomicS (COSMOS): facilitating integrated metabolomics data access
Refined elasticity sampling for Monte Carlo-based identification of stabilizing network patterns.
Young Genes out of the Male: An Insight from Evolutionary Age Analysis of the Pollen Transcriptome
Pool size measurements facilitate the determination of fluxes at branching points in non-stationary metabolic flux analysis: the case of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Effects of Varying Nitrogen Sources on Amino Acid Synthesis Costs in Arabidopsis thaliana under Different Light and Carbon-Source Conditions.
Metabolomic Profiling of 13 Diatom Cultures and Their Adaptation to Nitrate-Limited Growth Conditions.
COordination of Standards in MetabOlomicS (COSMOS): facilitating integrated metabolomics data access
Trehalose-6-phosphate synthase 1 is not the only active TPS in Arabidopsis thaliana
Computational Approaches to Dissect and Understand Mechanisms of Adaptation
Genetic Determinants of the Network of Primary Metabolism and Their Relationships to Plant Performance in a Maize Recombinant Inbred Line Population.
The Conserved Endoribonuclease YbeY Is Required for Chloroplast Ribosomal RNA Processing in Arabidopsis
Time-dependent deacclimation after cold acclimation in Arabidopsis thaliana accessions.
Photosynthetic complex stoichiometry dynamics in higher plants: biogenesis, function, and turnover of ATP synthase and the cytochrome b(6)f complex
Intracellular and cell-to-apoplast compartmentation of carbohydrate metabolism
Transcriptome and metabolome reprogramming in Vitis vinifera cv. Trincadeira berries upon infection with Botrytis cinerea
At the border: the plasma membrane-cell wall continuum.
The plant kinome.
Metabolomic analysis indicates a pivotal role of the hepatotoxin microcystin in high light adaptation of Microcystis
A software tool for the input and management of phenotypic data using personal digital assistants and other mobile devices.
Differential metabolic and coexpression networks of plant metabolism.
The transcription factor PHR1 regulates lipid remodeling and triacylglycerol accumulation in Arabidopsis thaliana during phosphorus starvation.
Transcriptional profiling of Medicago truncatula during Erysiphe pisi infection
A cross-kingdom history
A bioinformatics approach to distinguish plant parasite and host transcriptomes in interface tissue by classifying RNA-Seq reads
Comparative transcriptional profiling analysis of developing melon (Cucumis melo L.) fruit from climacteric and non-climacteric varieties
Symbiosis dependent accumulation of primary metabolites in arbuscule-containing cells.
Chloroplasts play a central role in plant defence and are targeted by pathogen effectors
AN IMPROVED, SIMPLE, INEXPENSIVE AND HIGHLY FLEXIBLE HYDROPONIC SETUP FOR ROOT MITOCHONDRIA ISOLATION FROM ARABIDOPSIS AND NICOTIANA PANTS
Metabolite Profiling Reveals Sensitivity-Dependent Metabolic Shifts in Rice (Oryza Sativa L.) Cultivars under High Night Temperature Stress
Increased antioxidant capacity in tomato by ectopic expression of the strawberry D-galacturonate reductase gene
Wounding of Arabidopsis halleri leaves enhances cadmium accumulation that acts as a defense against herbivory
Comparative metabolomics and transcriptomics of plant response to Tomato yellow leaf curl virus infection in resistant and susceptible tomato cultivars
Liquid chromatography high-resolution mass spectrometry for fatty acid profiling
Organization and Evolution of Brain Lipidome Revealed by Large-Scale Analysis of Human, Chimpanzee, Macaque, and Mouse Tissues
Analysis of the conductivity of plasmodesmata by microinjection.
V-ATPase activity in the TGN/EE is required for exocytosis and recycling in Arabidopsis
Growth-Regulating Factors (GRFs): A Small Transcription Factor Family with Important Functions in Plant Biology
A cell type-specific view on the translation of mRNAs from ROS-responsive genes upon paraquat treatment of Arabidopsis thaliana leaves
Ectopic expression of snapdragon transcription factors facilitates the identification of genes encoding enzymes of anthocyanin decoration in tomato.
The Moderately Efficient Enzyme: Futile Encounters and Enzyme Floppiness.
Mitochondrial Dihydrolipoyl Dehydrogenase Activity Shapes Photosynthesis and Photorespiration of Arabidopsis thaliana
Redox control of plant energy metabolism - the complex intertwined regulation of redox and metabolism in plant cells.
High night temperature strongly impacts TCA cycle, amino acid and polyamine biosynthetic pathways in rice in a sensitivity-dependent manner.
Salt-Related MYB1 Coordinates Abscisic Acid Biosynthesis and Signaling during Salt Stress in Arabidopsis.
A Mechanism for Sustained Cellulose Synthesis during Salt Stress.
Integrative "omic" analysis reveals distinctive cold responses in leaves and roots of strawberry, Fragaria x ananassa 'Korona'
Integrative Approaches to Enhance Understanding of Plant Metabolic Pathway Structure and Regulation.
Central role of FaGAMYB in the transition of the strawberry receptacle from development to ripening.
The transporter GAT1 plays an important role in GABA-mediated carbon-nitrogen interactions in Arabidopsis
Physiological and antioxidant responses of two accessions of Arabidopsis thaliana in different light and temperature conditions
Identification of the Elusive Chloroplast Ascorbate Transporter Extends the Substrate Specificity of the PHT Family.
Assessment of drought tolerance and its potential yield penalty in potato
Reduced levels of NADH-dependent glutamate dehydrogenase decrease the glutamate content of ripe tomato fruit but have no effect on green fruit or leaves
Lunar gravity affects leaf movement of Arabidopsis thaliana in the International Space Station.
The stability and nuclear localization of the transcription factor RAP2.12 are dynamically regulated by oxygen concentration.
Tobacco guard cells fix CO2 by both Rubisco and PEPcase while sucrose acts as a substrate during light-induced stomatal opening
Natural variation in flavonol and anthocyanin metabolism during cold acclimation in Arabidopsis thaliana accessions
Endogenous Arabidopsis messenger RNAs transported to distant tissues
The intrinsically disordered protein LEA7 from Arabidopsis thaliana protects the isolated enzyme lactate dehydrogenase and enzymes in a soluble leaf proteome during freezing and drying.
Refined elasticity sampling for Monte Carlo-based identification of stabilizing network patterns
Improvements to define mitochondrial metabolomics using nonaqueous fractionation.
Plastidial Glycolytic Glyceraldehyde-3-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Is an Important Determinant in the Carbon and Nitrogen Metabolism of Heterotrophic Cells in Arabidopsis.
PLAZA 3.0: an access point for plant comparative genomics.
Selective Homo- and Heteromer Interactions between the Multiple Organellar RNA Editing Factor (MORF) Proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana
The connection of cytoskeletal network with plasma membrane and the cell wall.
Pest control. Full crop protection from an insect pest by expression of long double-stranded RNAs in plastids.
Thioredoxin, a master regulator of the tricarboxylic acid cycle in plant mitochondria
Adjustments of embryonic photosynthetic activity modulate seed fitness in Arabidopsis thaliana
Relationship between starch degradation and carbon demand for maintenance and growth in Arabidopsis thaliana in different irradiance and temperature regimes
Multiscale digital Arabidopsis predicts individual organ and whole-organism growth (vol 111, pg E4127, 2014)
Metabolic and transcriptional transitions in barley glumes reveal a role as transitory resource buffers during endosperm filling
The Interplay between Sulfur and Iron Nutrition in Tomato.
FAX1, a Novel Membrane Protein Mediating Plastid Fatty Acid Export
Sensitivity of Contending Cellular Objectives in the Central Carbon Metabolism of Escherichia Coli
Sugar Starvation of Rice Anthers is a Factor in Reproductive Failure under Heat and Drought Stress, as shown by Metabolite and Transcript Profiling
Glucocorticoid (dexamethasone)-induced metabolome changes in healthy males suggest prediction of response and side effects
Control principles of metabolic networks
Substantial reprogramming of the Eutrema salsugineum (Thellungiella salsuginea) transcriptome in response to UV and silver nitrate challenge
Overexpression of the Arabidopsis thaliana signalling peptide TAXIMIN1 affects lateral organ development
Phytotyping(4D) : a light-field imaging system for non-invasive and accurate monitoring of spatio-temporal plant growth.
Integration of metabolomics data into metabolic networks
From the Greenhouse to the Real World - Arabidopsis Field Trials and Applications
Serine Acetyltransferase
Exploring natural variation of photosynthetic, primary metabolism and growth parameters in a large panel of Capsicum chinense accessions
Multi-level engineering facilitates the production of phenylpropanoid compounds in tomato.
Defining the robust behaviour of the plant clock gene circuit with absolute RNA timeseries and open infrastructure.
Transcription Factor Arabidopsis Activating Factor1 Integrates Carbon Starvation Responses with Trehalose Metabolism.
The Roles of Post-translational Modifications in the Context of Protein Interaction Networks.
Decreasing Electron Flux through the Cytochrome and/or Alternative Respiratory Pathways Triggers Common and Distinct Cellular Responses Dependent on Growth Conditions
Identification of primary and secondary metabolites with phosphorus status-dependent abundance in Arabidopsis, and of the transcription factor PHR1 as a major regulator of metabolic changes during phosphorus limitation
Overexpression of Plastid Transketolase in Tobacco Results in a Thiamine Auxotrophic Phenotype
Multiple RNA Processing Defects and Impaired Chloroplast Function in Plants Deficient in the Organellar Protein-Only RNase P Enzyme.
Integration of transcriptomics and metabolomics data specifies the metabolic response of Chlamydomonas to rapamycin treatment
CESA TRAFFICKING INHIBITOR Inhibits Cellulose Deposition and Interferes with the Trafficking of Cellulose Synthase Complexes and Their Associated Proteins KORRIGAN1 and POM2/CELLULOSE SYNTHASE INTERACTIVE PROTEIN1.
Novel Disease Susceptibility Factors for Fungal Necrotrophic Pathogens in Arabidopsis
Constitutively expressed ERF-VII transcription factors redundantly activate the core anaerobic response in Arabidopsis thaliana
Plant Defense Responses in Medicago truncatula Unveiled by Microarray Analysis
Computational phosphorylation network reconstruction: methods and resources.
Genome-wide association of carbon and nitrogen metabolism in the maize nested association mapping population.
Phylogenetic analysis of methionine synthesis genes from Thalassiosira pseudonana.
Medicago truncatula Mtha1-2 mutants loose metabolic responses to mycorrhizal colonization.
Quantifying Protein Synthesis and Degradation in Arabidopsis by Dynamic 13CO2 Labeling and Analysis of Enrichment in Individual Amino Acids in Their Free Pools and in Protein
A long photoperiod relaxes energy management in Arabidopsis leaf six
Root hair growth: it's a one way street.
Transcriptomic analysis of nitrogen starvation- and cultivar-specific leaf senescence in winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.).
Segmentation of biological multivariate time-series data.
Full crop protection from an insect pest by expression of long double-stranded RNAs in plastids
Location, location, location - no more! The unravelling of chromatin remodeling regulatory aspects of plant metabolic gene clusters
Identification and mode of inheritance of quantitative trait Loci for secondary metabolite abundance in tomato.
Quantifying Protein Synthesis and Degradation in Arabidopsis by Dynamic 13CO2 Labeling and Analysis of Enrichment in Individual Amino Acids in Their Free Pools and in Protein.
Engineering plastid genomes: methods, tools, and applications in basic research and biotechnology.
Boosting riboswitch efficiency by RNA amplification.
Synthesis and Use of Stable-Isotope-Labeled Internal Standards for Quantification of Phosphorylated Metabolites by LC-MS/MS
Metabolic adaptations of the non-mycotrophic Proteaceae to soil with a low phosphorus availability.
The dual nature of trehalose in citrus canker disease: a virulence factor for Xanthomonas citri subsp citri and a trigger for plant defence responses
The CBL-SnRK3 Network: Connections to Sulfur Metabolism
The significance of cysteine synthesis for acclimation to high light conditions
Variability of candidate genes, genetic structure and association with sugar accumulation and climacteric behavior in a broad germplasm collection of melon (Cucumis melo L.)
Mechanistic Analysis of an Engineered Enzyme that Catalyzes the Formose Reaction
Metabolite Profiles of Maize Leaves in Drought, Heat, and Combined Stress Field Trials Reveal the Relationship between Metabolism and Grain Yield.
GLYCOLATE OXIDASE3, a Glycolate Oxidase Homolog of Yeast l-Lactate Cytochrome c Oxidoreductase, Supports l-Lactate Oxidation in Roots of Arabidopsis.
Metabolic and transcriptomic signatures of rice floral organs reveal sugar starvation as a factor in reproductive failure under heat and drought stress.
Specific inhibition by synthetic analogs of pyruvate reveals that the pyruvate dehydrogenase reaction is essential for metabolism and viability of glioblastoma cells
Impacts of high ATP supply from chloroplasts and mitochondria on the leaf metabolism of Arabidopsis thaliana
Analysis of knockout mutants reveals non-redundant functions of poly(ADP-ribose)polymerase isoforms in Arabidopsis.
Another brick in the wall
Physicochemical characteristics of structurally determined metabolite-protein and drug-protein binding events with respect to binding specificity.
Inference and Prediction of Metabolic Network Fluxes.
Arabidopsis uses two gluconeogenic gateways for organic acids to fuel seedling establishment
Dissection of jasmonate functions in tomato stamen development by transcriptome and metabolome analyses
Integrated Analysis of Engineered Carbon Limitation in a Quadruple CO2/HCO3- Uptake Mutant of Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Combined correlation-based network and mQTL analyses efficiently identified loci for branched-chain amino acid, serine to threonine, and proline metabolism in tomato seeds
Metabolic analyses of interspecific tomato recombinant inbred lines for fruit quality improvement
Growing rice in controlled environments
Why are most organelle genomes transmitted maternally?
Global Analysis of the Role of Autophagy in Cellular Metabolism and Energy Homeostasis in Arabidopsis Seedlings under Carbon Starvation.
Metabolic contribution to salt stress in two maize hybrids with contrasting resistance
The HIV-1 Pr55(gag) polyprotein binds to plastidial membranes and leads to severe impairment of chloroplast biogenesis and seedling lethality in transplastomic tobacco plants
Global changes in gene expression, assayed by microarray hybridization and quantitative RT-PCR, during acclimation of three Arabidopsis thaliana accessions to sub-zero temperatures after cold acclimation
Change your Tplate, change your fate: plant CME and beyond
The Thylakoid Membrane Protein CGL160 Supports CF1CF0 ATP Synthase Accumulation in Arabidopsis thaliana
Phosphorus nutrition in Proteaceae and beyond
Assessment of the role of silicon in the Cu-tolerance of the C-4 grass Spartina densiflora
Integrated Transcriptomic and Metabolomic Characterization of the Low-Carbon Response Using an ndhR Mutant of Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Acclimation of metabolism to light in Arabidopsis thaliana: the glucose 6-phosphate/phosphate translocator GPT2 directs metabolic acclimation
No evidence that sex and transposable elements drive genome size variation in evening primroses
Does 2-phosphoglycolate serve as an internal signal molecule of inorganic carbon deprivation in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp PCC 6803?
UPLC-MS analysis of Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and Scenedesmus obliquus lipid extracts and their possible metabolic roles
Utilizing systems biology to unravel stomatal function and the hierarchies underpinning its control
Cytoskeletal Components Define Protein Location to Membrane Microdomains.
Linking Plant Amino Acids with Energy and Stress A Systems Biology Perspective
OAS Cluster Genes: A Tightly Co-regulated Network
Metabolic Analysis of Sulfur Metabolism During Leaf Senescence
More Than a Substrate: The O-Acetylserine Responsive Transcriptome
Technological Advances in Studies of Plant Adaptation
Use of Natural Variation in Arabidopsis thaliana to Study Adaptation
Photosynthetic Membranes of Synechocystis or Plants Convert Sunlight to Photocurrent through Different Pathways due to Different Architectures
Regulation of Cell Wall Formation by Membrane Traffic
DeFiNe: an optimisation-based method for robust disentangling of filamentous networks
Complete Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency Induces an Up-Regulation of Respiratory Fluxes That Is Abolished by Traces of Functional Complex I
THE DEVELOPMENT OF GENETIC TOOLS FOR COCCOLITHOPHORES
Profiling of primary metabolites and flavonols in leaves of two table grape varieties collected from semiarid and temperate regions.
Lunisolar tidal force and its relationship to chlorophyll fluorescence in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Functional characterization and organ distribution of three mitochondrial ATP-Mg/P-i carriers in Arabidopsis thaliana
The Arabidopsis Transcription Factor MYB112 Promotes Anthocyanin Formation during Salinity and under High Light Stress.
Focus Issue on Metabolism: Metabolites, Metabolites Everywhere.
Redesigning photosynthesis to sustainably meet global food and bioenergy demand
Transcription Factor ATAF1 in Arabidopsis Promotes Senescence by Direct Regulation of Key Chloroplast Maintenance and Senescence Transcriptional Cascades.
The Arabidopsis Synaptotagmin1 Is Enriched in Endoplasmic Reticulum-Plasma Membrane Contact Sites and Confers Cellular Resistance to Mechanical Stresses
An integrated functional approach to dissect systemic responses in maize to arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis
Context-Specific Metabolic Model Extraction Based on Regularized Least Squares Optimization.
The effects of drought stress on leaf gene expression during flowering in blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum L.)
Dissecting the contributions of GC content and codon usage to gene expression in the model alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
Recurrent Loss of Sex Is Associated with Accumulation of Deleterious Mutations in Oenothera