Epoxidation of alkenes with molecular oxygen catalyzed by a manganese porphyrin-based metal-organic framework.
Heterogeneous heck coupling in multivariate metal-organic frameworks for enhanced selectivity.
A miniaturized NMR-MOUSE with a high magnetic field gradient (Mini-MOUSE)
Optimization and universality of Brownian search in a basic model of quenched heterogeneous media.
Ageing first passage time density in continuous time random walks and quenched energy landscapes.
Fluorescent labeling of SNAP-tagged proteins in cells.
The T210M substitution in the HLA-a*02:01 gp100 epitope strongly affects overall proteasomal cleavage site usage and antigen processing.
Goldstein-Kac telegraph processes with random speeds: Path probabilities, likelihoods, and reported Lévy flights.
Building, characterising and catalytic activity testing of Co–C-protected amino acid complexes covalently grafted onto chloropropylated silica gel.
Synthesis, structural characterisation, and catalytic activity of Mn(II)-protected amino acid complexes covalently immobilised on chloropropylated silica gel
Quantitative time-resolved analysis reveals intricate, differential regulation of standard- and immuno-proteasomes.
A heteroleptic ferrous complex with mesoionic bis(1,2,3-triazol-5-ylidene) ligands: Taming the MLCT excited state of iron(II).
SiR–Hoechst is a far-red DNA stain for live-cell nanoscopy.
Visualizing the non-equilibrium dynamics of photoinduced intramolecular electron transfer with femtosecond X-ray pulses.
The (phospho) needle in the (MELT) Haystack.
Structure and mechanism of the influenza A M2(18-60) dimer of dimers.
Protein residue linking in a single spectrum for magic-angle spinning NMR assignment.
High-resolution proton-detected NMR of proteins at very fast MAS.
A nanoparticle catalyst for heterogeneous phase para-hydrogen-induced polarization in water.
Hyperpolarization of amino acid derivatives in water for biological applications.
DNA-directed assembly of capture tools for constitutional studies of large protein complexes.
Synthesis, structural characterisation, and catalytic activity of Mn(II)–protected amino acid complexes covalently immobilised on chloropropylated silica gel.
Nuclear roles for actin.
Surface ligand-directed pair-wise hydrogenation for heterogeneous phase hyperpolarization.
Signal focusing through active transport.
Inference of random walk models to describe leukocyte migration.
High-resolution crystallographic investigations of organometallic compounds.
Encounter and binding of camp at the binding domain of Mlok1.
When less is more: Non-monotonic spike sequence processing in neurons.
Primary light-induced reaction steps of reversibly photoswitchable fluorescent protein padron0.9 investigated by femtosecond spectroscopy.
Conserved linker regions and their regulation determine multiple chromatin-binding modes of UHRF1.
Parkinson disease mutant E46K enhances alpha-synuclein phosphorylation in mammalian cell lines, in yeast, and in vivo.
Waggawagga: Comparative visualization of coiled-coil predictions and detection of stable single α-helices (SAH domains).
Single-shot multi-slice T1 mapping at high spatial resolution – Inversion-recovery FLASH with radial undersampling and iterative reconstruction.
Spatiotemporal phase unwrapping for real-time phase-contrast flow MRI
Congratulations to Henning Bockhorn.
Multicontrast connectometry: A new tool to assess cerebellum alterations in early relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Orbital-specific mapping of the ligand exchange dynamics of Fe(CO)5 in solution.
Context similarity scoring improves protein sequence alignments in the midnight zone.
High field EPR and DFT study of stable organic radicals in lignin: Influence of the extraction process, botanical origin and protonation reactions on the radical g-tensor.
Role of structural dynamics at the receptor G protein interface for signal transduction.
Peak flow velocities in the ascending aorta-real-time phase-contrast magnetic resonance imaging vs. cine magnetic resonance imaging and echocardiography.
Measuring and manipulating the temperature of cold molecules trapped on a chip.
Impaired retrograde transport by the Dynein/Dynactin complex contributes to Tau-induced toxicity.
Crystal structure of the metazoan Nup62•Nup58•Nup54 nucleoporin complex.
Imaging single cells in a beam of live cyanobacteria with an X-ray laser.
Mapping the ultrafast changes of continuous shape measures in photoexcited spin crossover complexes without long-range order.
Human metabolism of Delta(3)-carene and renal elimination of Delta(3)-caren-10-carboxylic acid (chaminic acid) after oral administration.
Positively charged amino acids at the SNAP-25 C terminus determine fusion rates, fusion pore properties, and energetics of tight SNARE complex zippering.
The GTPase Rab26 links synaptic vesicles to the autophagy pathway.
Quantitative real-time quaking-induced conversion allows monitoring of disease-modifying therapy in the urine of prion-infected mice.
Perspectives for sensitivity enhancement in proton-detected solid-state NMR of highly deuterated proteins by preserving water magnetization.
CO desorption from a catalytic surface: Elucidation of the role of steps by velocity-selected residence time measurements.
Conformational flexibility in the transmembrane protein TSPO.
Exciton binding energy and the nature of emissive states in organometal halide perovskites.
Dynamic contact network between ribosomal subunits enables rapid large-scale rotation during spontaneous translocation.
Origin of axial and radial expansions in carbon nanotubes revealed by ultrafast diffraction and spectroscopy.
Temperature and pressure dependence of the reaction S plus CS ( plus M) -> CS2 (+M).
A high affinity RIM-binding protein/Aplip1 interaction prevents the formation of ectopic axonal active zones.
The B cell reseptor signaling output in Burkitt´s lymphoma is genotype specific and impacts sensitivity towards BCR signaling inhibitors.
Training efficiency and transfer success in an extended real-time functional MRI neurofeedback training of the somatomotor cortex of healthy subjects.
In vivo STED microscopy of the visual cortex of adult mice.
Synaptotagmin-1 binds to PI(4,5)P-2-containing membranes but not to SNAREs in a physiological ionic environment.
Dynamic interaction of the signal recognition particle receptor and the translocon.
Characterization of arrested trans SNARE complexes.
Speeding-up exchange-mediated saturation transfer experiments by Fourier transform.
Synaptotagmin-1 binds to PIP2-containing membrane but not to SNAREs at physiological ionic strength.
On-the-fly integration of data from a spin-diffusion-based NMR experiment into protein–ligand docking.
A mini-twister variant and impact of residues/cations on the phosphodiester cleavage of this ribozyme class.
Polarization modulation adds little additional information to super-resolution fluorescence microscopy.
Ribosome binding induces repositioning of the signal recognition particle receptor on the translocon.
Phosphoproteomic profiling of the signaling output of FLT3-ITD and its AC220-resistant mutants reveals profound signaling differences and differential responsiveness to inhibition of downstream kinases.
Identification of B cell receptor antigens in the chronic lymphocytic leukemia microenvironment.
Cardiac-specific succinate dehydrogenase deficiency in Barth syndrome.
Sister kinetochore splitting and precocious disintegration of bivalents could explain the maternal age effect.
do_x3dna: A tool to analyze structural fluctuations of dsDNA or dsRNA from molecular dynamics simulations.
Bayesian inference of initial models in cryo-electron microscopy using pseudo-atoms.
Specific 13C labeling of leucine, valine and isoleucine methyl groups for unambiguous detection of long-range restraints in protein solid-state NMR studies.
Bonding in nitroxide spin labels from 14N electric-quadrupole interactions.
Functionalization of the meso-phenyl ring of rhodamine dyes through SNAr with sulfur nucleophiles: Synthesis, biophysical characterizations, and comprehensive NMR analysis.
Copper binding to the N-terminally acetylated, naturally occurring form of alpha-synuclein induces local helical folding.
The active Hsc70/tau complex can be exploited to enhance tau turnover without damaging microtubule dynamics.
Self-association of Trimethylguanosine Synthase Tgs1 is required for efficient snRNA/snoRNA trimethylation and pre-rRNA processing.
Cooperation between COA6 and SCO2 in COX2 maturation during cytochrome c oxidase assembly links two mitochondrial cardiomyopathies.
Tumor-derived microvesicles mediate human breast cancer invasion through differentially glycosylated EMMPRIN.
Chromatin chemistry goes cellular.
Ca2+ homeostasis and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress: An integrated view of calcium signaling.
Preface.
Complexin stabilizes newly primed synaptic vesicles and prevents their premature fusion at the mouse calyx of held synapse
The RNA helicase ​Aquarius exhibits structural adaptations mediating its recruitment to spliceosomes.
A new Stark decelerator based surface scattering instrument for studying energy transfer at the gas-surface interface.
Gating of aquaporin 4-phosphorylation versus protonation.
Partitioning between recoding and termination at a stop codon-selenocysteine insertion sequence.
A presequence-binding groove in Tom70 supports import of Mdl1 into mitochondria.
Lipid librations at the interface with the Na,K-ATPase.
Structure of Ctk3, a subunit of the RNA polymerase II CTD kinase complex, reveals a non-canonical CTD-interacting domain fold.
Watching the dynamics of electrons and atoms at work in solar energy conversion.
Ionic solutions probed by resonant inelastic X-ray scattering.
Metallacrowns as products of the aqueous medium self-assembly of histidinehydroxamic acid-containing polypeptides.
A digital atlas of ion channel expression patterns in the two-week-old rat brain.
Tackling exascale software challenges in molecular dynamics simulations with GROMACS.
Inspiration is the major regulator of human CSF flow.
Use of principal component analysis and molecular docking to identify novel selective Plasmepsin II non-competitive inhibitors with antimalarial activity.
Cotranslational protein folding on the ribosome monitored in real time
ProteoPlex: Stability optimization of macromolecular complexes by sparse-matrix screening of chemical space.
Probing the kinetics of quantum dot-based proteolytic sensors.
Dynamic contacts of U2, RES, Cwc25, Prp8 and Prp45 proteins with the Pre-mRNA branch-site and 3' splice site during catalytic activation and step 1 catalysis in yeast spliceosomes.
Disruption of adaptor protein 2μ (AP‐2μ) in cochlear hair cells impairs vesicle reloading of synaptic release sites and hearing.
GPI-anchored proteins do not reside in ordered domains in the live cell plasma membrane.
Balanced interactions between ribosomal subunits allow rapid large-scale rotation.
Generation 3 programmable array microscope (PAM) for high speed large format optical sectioning in fluorescence.
Structural esembles of intrinsically disordered proteins depend strongly on force field: A comparison to experiment.
Microsecond motion modulates ubiquitin binding through an allosteric backbone/side chain network.
Selective functionalization of graphene peripheries by using bipolar electrochemistry.
Carotenoid-chlorophyll coupling and fluorescence quenching in aggregated minor PSII proteins CP24 and CP29.
Integrated annotation and analysis of in situ hybridization images using the ImAnno system: Application to the ear and sensory organs of the fetal mouse.
Mg2+-dependent conformational changes and product release during DNA-catalyzed RNA ligation monitored by Bimane fluorescence.
Aortic pulse wave velocities using real-time phase-contrast MRI.
Mic10 oligomerizes to bend mitochondrial inner membranes at cristae junctions.
Fluctuations between multiple EF-G-induced chimeric tRNA states during translocation on the ribosome.
Carbene supported dimer of heavier ketenimine analogue with P and Si atoms.
Solid-state NMR, electrophysiology and molecular dynamics characterization of human VDAC2.
Devices with embedded channels.
Individual left-hand and right-hand intra-digit representations in human primary somatosensory cortex.
Best bang for your buck: GPU nodes for GROMACS biomolecular simulations.
Facing and overcoming sensitivity challenges in biomolecular NMR spectroscopy.
Structural basis of transcription initiation by RNA polymerase II.
A compendium of expression patterns of cholesterol biosynthetic enzymes in the mouse embryo.
Structure of the mammalian TSPO/PBR protein.
Mapping molecules in scanning far-field fluorescence nanoscopy.
Multiple paramagnetic effects through a tagged reporter protein.
Population shuffling of protein conformations.
The role of Cas8 in type I CRISPR interference.
Sequential backbone assignment based on dipolar amide-to-amide correlation experiments.
Structural heterogeneity in microcrystalline ubiquitin studied by solid-state NMR.
NAA-modified DNA oligonucleotides with zwitterionic backbones: stereoselective synthesis of A-T phosphoramidite building blocks.
Multicontrast MRI quantification of focal inflammation and degeneration in multiple sclerosis.
Pax6 controls centriole maturation in cortical progenitors through Odf2.
Ultrafast isomerization initiated by X-ray core ionization.
An alternative RNA polymerase I structure reveals a dimer hinge.
Long range residual dipolar couplings: A tool for determining the configuration of small molecules.
Quantitative real-time quaking-induced conversion (qRT-QuIC) allows monitoring of disease-modifying therapy in the urine of prion-infected mice.
Retinal adaptation abnormalities in primary open-angle glaucoma.
Organization of mitochondrial gene expression in two distinct ribosome-containing assemblies.
Analysis of phosphorylation-dependent protein-protein interactions of histone H3.
Discussion of “Hypotheses testing by convex optimization”.
Folding of the Tau protein on microtubules.
Structural integrity of the A147T polymorph of mammalian TSPO.
Photoswitchable semiconductor nanocrystals with self-regulating photochromic Förster resonance energy transfer acceptors.
Temperature and pressure dependence of the reaction S + CS (+M) → CS2 (+M).
A soluble molecular variant of the semiconducting silicondiselenide.
Agarose microchambers for long-term calcium imaging of Caenorhabditis elegans.
ClC-K chloride channels: Emerging pathophysiology of Bartter syndrome type 3.
A multilaboratory comparison of calibration accuracy and the performance of external references in analytical ultracentrifugation.
Sumoylation of the GTPase Ran by the RanBP2 SUMO E3 ligase complex
Hybrid structure of the type 1 pilus of uropathogenic Escherichia coli.
Enhanced dimerization drives ligand-independent activity of mutant EGFR in lung cancer.
Merits and limitations of vesicle pool models in view of heterogeneous populations of synaptic vesicles.
GraDeR: Membrane protein complex preparation for single-particle cryo-EM.
Molecular basis of the membrane interaction of the beta 2e subunit of voltage-gated Ca2+ channels.
Reduced intracellular mobility underlies manganese relaxivity in mouse brain in vivo: MRI at 2.35 and 9.4 T.
diArk - the database for eukaryotic genome and transcriptome assemblies in 2014.
Lipid binding defects and perturbed synaptogenic activity of a Collybistin R290H mutant that causes epilepsy and intellectual disability.
Towards quantification of pulsed spinlock and CEST at clinical MR scanners: An analytical interleaved saturation-relaxation (ISAR) approach.
Fast determination of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls in human plasma by online solid phase extraction coupled to liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Pax6 inactivation in the adult pancreas reveals ghrelin as endocrine cell maturation marker.
Usp22 deficiency impairs intestinal epithelial lineage specification in vivo.
Inhibition of translation elongation by antibiotic amicoumacin A.
Molecular engineering of L-asparaginases used in antileukemic therapy.
Protein localisation by electron microscopy reveals the architecture of the yeast spliceosomal B complex.
The microRNA-212/132 cluster regulates B cell development by targeting Sox4.
Super-resolution microscopy of clickable amino acids reveals the effects of fluorescent protein tagging on protein assemblies.
Elevated α-synuclein caused by SNCA gene triplication impairs neuronal differentiation and maturation in Parkinson's patient-derived induced pluripotent stem cells.
Structural elucidation of small organic molecules assisted by NMR in aligned media.
The large N-terminal region of the Brr2 RNA helicase guides productive spliceosome activation.
Small molecules detected by second-harmonic generation modulate the conformation of monomeric α-synuclein and reduce its aggregation in cell.
Parcellation of human and monkey core auditory cortex with fMRI pattern classification and objective detection of tonotopic gradient reversals.
Disruption of adaptor protein 2 mu (AP-2 mu) in cochlear hair cells impairs vesicle reloading of synaptic release sites and hearing.
Ultrafast temporally stochastic STED nanoscopy of millisecond dynamics.
Pharmacokinetics of intranasal guanosine administration.
ESEEM of spin labels to study intermolecular interactions, molecular assembly and conformation.
His 95 acts as a pH gate in Aquaporin-4
Bringing force probe molecular dynamics simulations closer to experiments.
Inside-out signaling of oncogenic EGFR mutants promotes ligand-independent dimerization.
High-speed force spectroscopy unbinds streptavidin-biotin at the velocity of molecular dynamics simulations.
Cell scientist to watch – Melina Schuh
Error-prone chromosome-mediated spindle assembly favors chromosome segregation defects in human oocytes.
Embryonic development and maternal regulation of murine circadian clock function.
Mice lacking the cerebral cortex develop normal song: Insights into the foundations of vocal learning.
Human mitochondrial COX1 assembly into cytochrome c oxidase at a glance.
A vocabulary of ancient peptides at the origin of folded proteins.
Radical transfer in E. coli ribonucleotide reductase: A NH2Y731/R411A-α mutant unmasks a new conformation of the pathway residue 731.
GenePainter v.2.0 resolves the taxonomic distribution of intron positions.
RING E3 mechanism for ubiquitin ligation to a disordered substrate visualized for human anaphase-promoting complex.
Adsorbate enhancement of electron emission during the quenching of metastable CO at metal surfaces.
bbcontacts: Prediction of β-strand pairing from direct coupling patterns.
Dual channel RESOLFT nanoscopy by using fluorescent state kinetics.
Anle138b and related compounds are aggregation specific fluorescence markers and reveal high affinity binding to α-synuclein aggregates.
K(V)10.1 opposes activity-dependent increase in Ca2+ influx into the presynaptic terminal of the parallel fibre-Purkinje cell synapse.
Diagnosis of gastroesophageal reflux disease using real-time magnetic resonance imaging.
X-ray emission spectroscopy of bulk liquid water in “no-man’s land”
Plant genome editing by novel tools: TALEN and other sequence specific nucleases.
Drosophila gene tao-1 encodes proteins with and without a Ste20 kinase domain that affect cytoskeletal architecture and cell migration differently.
Nested sampling with demons.
Architecture of the RNA polymerase II–Mediator core initiation complex.
Destabilization of pluripotency in the absence of Mad2l2.
Characterization of PROPPIN-phosphoinositide binding and role of Loop 6CD in PROPPIN-membrane binding.
FLT3-ITD and TLR9 use Bruton tyrosine kinase to activate distinct transcriptional programs mediating AML cell survival and proliferation.
A nitrogen-vacancy spin based molecular structure microscope using multiplexed projection reconstruction.
Automatic prediction of protein 3D Structures by probabilistic multi-template homology modeling.
Label-free measurement of amyloid elongation by suspended microchannel resonators.
TatBC-independent TatA/Tat substrate interactions contribute to transport efficiency.
CRISPR/Cas9-mediated endogenous protein tagging for RESOLFT super-resolution microscopy of living human cells.
Fourteen years of plant proteomics reflected in Proteomics: Moving from model species and 2DE-based approaches to orphan species and gel-free platforms.
A combination of spin diffusion methods for the determination of protein-ligand complex structural ensembles.
Sampling of glycan-bound conformers by the anti-HIV lectin Oscillatoria agardhii agglutinin in the absence of sugar.
Major reorientation of tRNA substrates defines specificity of dihydrouridine synthases.
A high saturation factor in Overhauser DNP with nitroxide derivatives: The role of 14N nuclear spin relaxation.
Spring-loaded unraveling of a single SNARE complex by NSF in one round of ATP turnover.
Vibrational spectra and structures of SinC clusters (n=3-8).
Live imaging RNAi screen reveals genes essential for meiosis in mammalian oocytes.
Expression of enterovirus 71 virus-like particles in transgenic enoki (Flammulina velutipes).
STED nanoscopy reveals the ubiquity of subcortical cytoskeleton periodicity in living neurons.
Hydrogen bond network between amino acid radical intermediates on the proton-coupled electron transfer pathway of E. coli α2 ribonucleotide reductase.
Time-resolved studies with FELs.
Multimerization of Drosophila sperm protein Mst77F causes a unique condensed chromatin structure.
Obstructor-A organizes matrix assembly at the apical cell surface to promote enzymatic cuticle maturation in Drosophila.
Dual tagging as an approach to isolate endogenous chromatin remodeling complexes from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Alpha-synuclein affects neurite morphology, autophagy, vesicle transport and axonal degeneration in CNS neurons.
Calculation of binding free energies.
Far-red emitting fluorescent dyes for optical nanoscopy: Fluorinated silicon–rhodamines (SiRF dyes) and phosphorylated oxazines.
Extracellular vesicle sorting of α-Synuclein is regulated by sumoylation.
Mixing of chromatic and luminance retinal signals in primate area V1.
NO vibrational energy transfer on a metal surface: Still a challenge to first-principles theory.
Efficient synthesis of readily water-soluble sulfonic acid carbamates.
Directional transition from initiation to elongation in bacterial translation.
Nanoscopy—imaging life at the nanoscale: A Nobel Prize achievement with a bright future.
Correlative llght and electron microscopy of rare cell populations in zebrafish embryos using laser marks.
Loss of BAF (mSWI/SNF) complexes causes global transcriptional and chromatin state changes in forebrain development.
Calcium sensor kinase activates potassium uptake systems in gland cells of Venus flytraps.
Pmx: Automated protein structure and topology generation for alchemical perturbations.
Nup98 FG domains from diverse species spontaneously phase-separate into particles with nuclear pore-like permselectivity.
A composite double-/single-stranded RNA-binding region in protein Prp3 supports tri-snRNP stability and splicing.
The negligible role of C-H stretch excitation in the physisorption of CH4 on Pt(111).
A Cas9-guide RNA complex preorganized for target DNA recognition.
Contractile characteristics of gastrocnemius-soleus muscle in the SOD1G93A ALS mouse model.
A new dynamic-XPS end-station for beamline P04 at PETRA III/DESY.
Histone H3 serine 28 is essential for efficient polycomb-mediated gene repression in Drosophila.
An accurate full-dimensional potential energy surface for H-Au(111): Importance of nonadiabatic electronic excitation in energy transfer and adsorption.
Dynamic Jahn–Teller effect in the metastable high-spin state of solvated [Fe(terpy)2]2+
Mass correlation spectroscopy for mass- and size-based nanoparticle characterization in fluid.
Mechanistic dissection of the early phase of UsnRNP biogenesis uncovers a role of ribosomes in assembly and RNP homeostasis.
Serotonin transporter associated protein complexes - New insight into transporter activity regulation and trafficking.
Crystal structure of trans-1-{2-[4-(di­methyl­amino)­phen­yl]eth­yl}-4-[2-(pyren-1-yl)eth­yl]cyclo­hexa­ne.
PspF-binding domain PspA1-144 and the PspA·F complex: New insights into the coiled-coil-dependent regulation of AAA+ proteins.
Spin-inversion and spin-selection in the reactions FeO+ + H-2 and Fe+ + N2O.
SLC10A4 is a vesicular amine-associated transporter modulating dopamine homeostasis.
Communication: X-ray coherent diffractive imaging by immersion in nanodroplets.
The membrane anchor of the transcriptional activator SREBP is characterized by intrinsic conformational flexibility.
The optical properties and quantum chemical calculations of thienyl and furyl derivatives of pyrene.
STED-FLCS: An advanced tool to reveal spatiotemporal heterogeneity of molecular membrane dynamics.
Regulation of neuronal SNAREs by accessory proteins.
Expression-enhanced fluorescent proteins based on enhanced green fluorescent protein for super-resolution microscopy.
Fluorescent dyes with large Stokes shifts for super-resolution optical microscopy of biological objects: A review.
Population shuffling between ground and high energy excited states.
Solid-state NMR study of the YadA membrane-anchor domain in the bacterial outer membrane.
Evaluation of dysphagia in inclusion body myositis by novel real-time MRI.
Femtosecond infrared spectroscopy of aroylperoxide photofragmentation – Site selective decarboxylation.
Activities of the peptidyl transferase center of ribosomes lacking protein L27.
Best bang for your buck: GPU nodes for GROMACS biomolecular simulations
The tetraspanin web revisited by super-resolution microscopy.
Direct contacts of K+ ions in the selectivity filter enable the high conductance of K+ channels.
Bayesian cryo-EM refinement.
Understanding thermodynamics of conformational change in the F-ATPase.
A helical transport mechanism for type III secretion.
Investigation of the ultra-fast structural changes in metal-organic complexes: Comparison spectroscopy and time-resolved XRD.
Proteomic profiling of pulmonary cancer with squamous cell histology.
Elucidation of B cell receptor signaling in Burkitt's lymphoma reveals novel signaling nodes with potential therapeutic relevance.
Structural ensembles of intrinsically disordered proteins using molecular dynamics simulation.
Molecular basis of transcription-coupled pre-mRNA capping.
Binding affinities controlled by shifting conformational equilibria: Opportunities and limitations.
Organization and dynamics of SNARE proteins in the presynaptic membrane.
The Xenopus laevis Atg4B protease: Insights into substrate recognition and application for tag removal from proteins expressed in pro- and eukaryotic hosts.
Molecular dynamics study of naturally existing cavity couplings in proteins.
The dynamics of molecular interactions and chemical reactions at metal surfaces: Testing the foundations of theory.
Parallelized ultra-high throughput microfluidic emulsifier for multiplex kinetic assays.
Reduced endogenous Ca2+ buffering speeds active zone Ca2+ signaling.
Oxyntomodulin regulates resetting of the liver circadian clock by food.
The 35S U5 snRNP is generated from the activated spliceosome during in vitro splicing.
Aggregation and structural study of the monolayers formed by an amphiphilic thiapentacarbocyanine.
Mechanisms of anion conduction by coupled glutamate transporters.
β-Helical architecture of cytoskeletal bactofilin filaments revealed by solid-state NMR.
Endothelial p53 deletion improves angiogenesis and prevents cardiac fibrosis and heart failure induced by pressure overload in mice.
Single-shot T1 mapping of the corpus callosum: A rapid characterization of fiber bundle anatomy.
Real-time MRI comparisons of brass players: A methodological pilot study.
Extended synaptotagmins (E-Syts): Architecture and dynamics of membrane contact sites revealed.
Further insight into the tunneling contribution to the vibrational relaxation of NO in Ar.
Studying RNA-protein interactions of pre-mRNA complexes by mass spectrometry.
Nanoscopy with focused light (Nobel lecture).
Changed in translation: mRNA recoding by −1 programmed ribosomal frameshifting.
Genetic ablation of proliferating NG2-glia in the adult brain.
Unlocking the presequence import pathway.
SnapShot: Spliceosome dynamics II.
The microRNA-132 and microRNA-212 cluster regulates hematopoietic stem cell maintenance and survival with age by buffering FOXO3 expression.
Cell staining by photo-activated dye and its conjugate with Chitosan.
A model for transcription initiation in human mitochondria.
Recovery of bulk proton magnetization and sensitivity enhancement in ultrafast magic-angle spinning solid-state NMR.
The plethora of PMCA isoforms: Alternative splicing and differential expression.
A genetic mouse model for progressive ablation and regeneration of insulin producing beta-cells.
Temperature- and doping-dependent optical absorption in the small-polaron system Pr1−xCaxMnO3.
MD simulations and FRET reveal an environment: Sensitive conformational plasticity of Importin-beta.
Single shot polarization characterization of XUV FEL pulses from crossed polarized undulators.
Experimental and modeling study of the temperature and pressure dependence of the reaction C2H5 + O2 (+ M) → C2H5O2 (+ M).
Gene therapy for deafness: How close are we?
RUNX1 represses the erythroid gene expression program during megakaryocytic differentiation.
MITRAC7 defines a checkpoint during cytochrome c oxidase assembly.
Energy homeostasis control in Drosophila adipokinetic hormone mutants.
RESOLFT nanoscopy of fixed cells using a Z-domain based fusion protein for labelling.
Snapshot: Spliceosome dynamics III.
Structural determinants of hybrid state intermediates of the bacterial ribosome.
H95 is a pH-dependent gate in Aquaporin 4.
Intercellular wiring enables electron transfer between methanotrophic archaea and bacteria.
Structural ensembles of intrinsically disordered proteins depend strongly on force field: A comparison to experiment.
Helium diffraction and acoustic phonons of graphene grown on copper foil.
Dithiothreitol (DTT) acts as a specific, UV-inducible cross-linker in elucidation of protein-RNA interactions.
Bayesian evidence and model selection.
CRISPR/Cas9-mediated endogenous protein tagging for super-resolution microscopy and its application for studying mitochondrial dynamics.
Cotranslational protein folding on the ribosome monitored in real time.
Presynaptic spinophilin tunes neurexin signalling to control active zone architecture and function.
Strongly aligned gas-phase molecules at free-electron lasers.
BRF1 mutations alter RNA polymerase III-dependent transcription and cause neurodevelopmental anomalies.
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor/microRNA-212/132 axis in T cells regulates IL-10 production to maintain intestinal homeostasis.
HDAC inhibitor-dependent transcriptome and memory reinstatement in cognitive decline models.
Photoelectrochemical bioanalysis of guanosine monophosphate via the use of coupled enzymatic reactions at a CdS/ZnS quantum dot electrode.
The quest for simplicity: Remarks on the free-approach models.
Reliability and validity of the modifiable activity questionnaire for an Iranian urban adolescent population.
Towards optimization of a general RNA labeling deoxyribozyme: Characterization of a unimolecular deoxyribozyme.
A new compact soft x-ray spectrometer for resonant inelastic x-ray scattering studies at PETRA III.
Entropic contribution of elongation factor P to proline positioning at the catalytic center of the ribosome.
The physiological concentration of ferrous iron (II) alters the inhibitory effect of hydrogen peroxide on CD45, LAR and PTP1B phosphatases.
Sandwiched confinement of quantum dots in graphene matrix for efficient electron transfer and photocurrent production.
Observation of translation-to-vibration excitation in acetylene scattering from Au(111): A REMPI based approach.
On the relation between population kinetics and state-to-state rate coefficients for vibrational energy transfer.
Nanobodies: Site-specific labeling for super-resolution imaging, rapid epitope-mapping and native protein complex isolation.
Synthetic histone code.
Reducing tau aggregates with anle138b delays disease progression in a mouse model of tauopathies.
Communication: Observation of local-bender eigenstates in acetylene.
Formin-like 2 promotes beta 1-integrin trafficking and invasive motility downstream of PKC alpha.
Electronically nonadiabatic vibrational excitation of N-2 scattered from Pt(111).
Resolving single membrane fusion events on planar pore-spanning membranes.
Structures of intermediates during RES complex assembly.
STED nanoscopy with fluorescent quantum dots.
Bark beetle controls epithelial morphogenesis by septate junction maturation in Drosophila.
Bark beetle mediates septate junction maintenance and cell adhesion during epithelial morphogenesis in Drosophila melanogaster.
Electrochemical and spectrophotometric properties of polymers based on derivatives of di- and triphenylamines as promising materials for electronic applications.
Investigation of ultrafast dynamics of a molecular diode (PyDMA) using time-resolved Laue diffraction.
Fluorescence nanoscopy by polarization Modulation (SPoD) and polarization angle narrowing (ExPAN).
Conformational dynamics and functional asymmetry of ABCE1, a ribosome recycling protein.
1H, 13C and 15N resonance assignment of the anti-HIV lectin from Oscillatoria agardhii.
HYCUD: A computational tool for prediction of effective rotational correlation time in flexible proteins.
Sequential backbone assigment based on direct amide-to-amide correlation experiments.
The G-patch protein Spp2 couples the spliceosome-stimulated ATPase activity of the DEAH-box protein Prp2 to catalytic activation of the spliceosome.
High-speed real-time MRI of fast tongue movements in elite horn players.
The vibrational relaxation of NO in Ar: Tunneling in a curve-crossing mechanism.
High-throughput in situ hybridization: Systematical production of gene expression data and beyond.
Fluorogen activating protein–affibody probes: modular, no-wash measurement of epidermal growth factor receptors.
On convergence rates for iteratively regularized Newton-type methods under a Lipschitz-type nonlinearity condition.
Detection and site localization of phosphorylcholine-modified peptides by NanoLC-ESI-MS/MS using precursor ion scanning and multiple reaction monitoring experiments.
Comparison of the kinetics of different Markov models for ligand binding under varying conditions.
Studying macromolecular complex stoichiometries by peptide-based mass spectrometry.
A three-step MTOC fragmentation mechanism facilitates bipolar spindle assembly in mouse oocytes.
Cortical actin networks induce spatio-temporal confinement of phospholipids in the plasma membrane - a minimally invasive investigation by STED-FCS.
Rab3-interacting molecules 2 alpha and 2 beta promote the abundance of voltage-gated Ca(V)1.3 Ca2+ channels at hair cell active zones.
Tau stabilizes microtubules by binding at the interface between tubulin heterodimers.
Amide proton transfer of carnosine in aqueous solution studied in vitro by WEX and CEST experiments.
Stable tri-snRNP integration is accompanied by a major structural rearrangement of the spliceosome that is dependent on Prp8 interaction with the 5‘ splice site.
Cross-strand binding of TFAM to a single mtDNA molecule forms the mitochondrial nucleoid.
Synchronization of the mammalian circadian timing system: Light can control peripheral clocks independently of the SCN clock: Alternate routes of entrainment optimize the alignment of the body's circadian clock network with external time.
Structure of the E. coli ribosome–EF-Tu complex at <3 Å resolution by Cs-corrected cryo-EM.
Soma influences GSC progeny differentiation via the cell adhesion-mediated steroid-let-7-Wingless signaling cascade that regulates chromatin dynamics.
Experimental and modeling study of the temperature and pressure dependence of the reaction C2H5 + O-2 (+ M) -> C2H5O2 (+ M).
Asynchronous through-bond homonuclear isotropic mixing: Application to carbon-carbon transfer in perdeuterated proteins under MAS.
MicroRNA-132 enhances transition from inflammation to proliferation during wound healing.
Analysis of protein–RNA interactions in CRISPR proteins and effector complexes by UV-induced cross-linking and mass spectrometry.
Lost in translocation: The functions of the 18-kD translocator protein.
Structural impact of Tau phosphorylation at threonine 231.
Statistical modeling of the reactions Fe(+) + N2O FeO(+) + N2 and FeO(+) + CO Fe(+) + CO2.
Structural and functional characterization of CRM1-Nup214 interactions reveals multiple FG-binding sites involved in nuclear export.
Mammalian splicing factor SF1 interacts with SURP domains of U2 snRNP-associated proteins.
Nobel lecture: Nanoscopy with freely propagating light.
Structure and absolute configuration of Jurassic polyketide-derived spiroborate pigments obtained from microgram quantities.
Sequestering and protein cofactor competition regulate a multifunctional RNA helicase in different pathways.
Super-hub mechanism of calcium signaling in atria.
Shock wave study and theoretical modeling of the thermal decomposition of c-C4F8.
Using ion imaging to measure velocity distributions in surface scattering experiments.
Congratulations to Jürgen Troe.
Atomistic simulation of single molecule experiments: Molecular machines and a dynasome perspective.
Improved validation of IDP ensembles by one-bond Cα-Hα scalar couplings.
The oxidation status of Mic19 regulates MICOS assembly.
Cross-polarization electron-nuclear double resonance spectroscopy.
Polyphyly of nuclear lamin genes indicates an early eukaryotic origin of the metazoan-type intermediate filament proteins.
Modulation of TCR responsiveness by the Grb2-family adaptor, Gads.
Dynamic phospholipid interaction of β2e subunit regulates the gating of voltage-gated Ca2+ channels.
Two-photon correlation spectroscopy in single dendritic spines reveals fast actin filament reorganization during activity-dependent growth.
Quantitative localization microscopy: Effects of photophysics and labeling stoichiometry.
Biomedical uses of porous silicon.
Fully parallel, OpenGL-based computation of obstructed area-to-area view factors.
Reconstitution of the human U snRNP assembly machinery reveals stepwise Sm protein organization.
Quantitative mass spectrometric profiling of cancer-cell proteomes derived from liquid and solid tumors.
Long lasting activity of nociceptive muscular afferents facilitates bilateral flexion reflex pattern in the feline spinal cord.
The basal transcription complex component TAF3 transduces changes in nuclear phosphoinositides into transcriptional output.
SnapShot: Spliceosome dynamics I.
A coarse grained model for a lipid membrane with physiological composition and leaflet asymmetry.
A deep proteomics perspective on CRM1-mediated nuclear export and nucleocytoplasmic partitioning.
Charge separation and isolation in strong water droplet impacts.
Proton transverse relaxation as a sensitive probe for structure determination in solid proteins.
Three-dimensional reconstruction of the giant mimivirus particle with an X-ray free-electron laser.
Alpha-synuclein levels in blood plasma decline with healthy aging.
Hey bHLH proteins interact with a FBXO45 containing SCF ubiquitin ligase complex and induce its translocation into the nucleus.
Molecular mechanism of myelin disassembly.
Real-time label-free direct electronic monitoring of topoisomerase enzyme binding kinetics on graphene.
Alzheimer therapy with an antibody against N-terminal Abeta 4-X and pyroglutamate Abeta 3-X.
Two-state intramolecular charge transfer (ICT) with 3,5-dimethyl-4(dimethylamino)benzonitrile (MMD) and its meta-isomer mMMD. Ground state amino twist not essential for ICT.
A pre-structured helix in the intrinsically disordered 4EBP1.
Hydrophobic mismatch sorts SNARE proteins into distinct membrane domains.
Integrating mitochondrial translation into the cellular context.
Diffraction effects in the Recoil-Frame Photoelectron Angular Distributions of halomethanes.
The 2015 super-resolution microscopy roadmap.
Lens-based fluorescence nanoscopy.
isoSTED nanoscopy with intrinsic beam alignment.
2000-fold parallelized dual-color STED fluorescence nanoscopy.
Electron-hole pair excitation determines the mechanism of hydrogen atom adsorption.