Etruscan speech : Cinquecento architecture in Florence and the "Aramei"
Body of knowledge : Renaissance armor and the engineering of mind
CENOBIUM 10 years after : an evolving platform for Digital Humanities
Mediated Architectural (Dream) Spaces : Ludwig II and the Middle Ages "at Third Hand"
Infiltrating artifacts : the impact of Islamic art in fourteenth- and fifteenth-century Florence and Pisa
K-h.I. – Guido Guidi: appuntamento a Firenze = ein Termin in Florenz = appointment in Florence
K-h.I. - Guido Guidi : appuntamento a Firenze = ein Termin in Florenz = appointment in Florence
[Review of:] Portraiture and Early Studio Photography in China and Japan / Luke Gartlan and Roberta Wue. - London and New York : Routledge, 2017
Davanti all'Ascensore. Guido Guidi e il Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz = Vor dem Fahrstuhl. Guido Guidi und das Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz = In Front of the Elevator. Guido Guidi and the Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz
Drawing as Method and Mechanism of Invention : from the Rothschild Album to the Teodelinda Chapel
Exotic Conceptions of Space? Sources and Variations in Ludwigs Perception of Islamic Architecture
[Review of:] Felsina pittrice / Carlo Cesare Malvasia ; ed. Elizabeth Cropper and Lorenzo Pericolo, 2012-2017
Review of "Lorenzo Ghiberti's Gates of Paradise: Humanism, History, and Artistic Philosophy in the Italian Renaissance || Il Paradiso ritrovato: il restauro della Porta del Ghiberti
Iconophilia in Italy, c. 680-880 : a European project and its method
Framing the Law: Joos de Damhouder and the Legal Iconology of the Grotesque
Image, imagination, and cognition : medieval and early modern theory and practice (Intersections ; Band: 55)
The Dolphin and the Hare: Scaling an Abbasid Bird-Shaped Vessel
Non smetto di sognare = I won’t stop dreaming
Parmigianino (Francesco Mazzola), "Reclining Male Figure", Los Angeles, J. Paul Getty Museum, inv. 84.GA.9 (no. 67)
[Review of:] Reshaping the Boundaries : the Christian Intersection of China and the West in the Modern Era / edited by Song Gang. - Hong Kong : Hong Kong University Press, 2016
The Houses of Herculaneum: Shedding Light on Service Quarters and City Design
Edgar Wind's Self-Translations. Philosophical Genealogies and Political Implications of a Cultural-Theoretical Tradition
Seen from behind : perspectives on the male body and Renaissance art
The "Mongrel" Style : One Century of Use and Abuse of Sicilian Syncretism
Photographs as documents/photographs as objects: photo archives, art history and the material approach
Silent Assitants. The "Wolfram" Candelabra in the Erfurt Cathedral in the Context of the 12th and 13th Centuries
Ownership as painting process : painterly alterations and artists' signatures in eighteenth-century Europe and China
Tangible whispers, neglected encounters : histories of east-west artistic dialogues 14th-20th century (Mimesis International. Art ; n. 3)
Benjamin Altman's loans to the 1909 Hudson-Fulton exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
The Italian South: Transcultural Perspectives (Convivium ; 5,1)
A Brief Cross-disciplinary Study of Lion Paw Prints in Giovanni Pisano's Pisa Pulpit
Jenseits des disegno : die Entstehung selbständiger Zeichnungen in Deutschland und Italien im 15. und 16. Jh.