Corporate Venture Capital as a Real Option in the Market for Technology
Properties of contests
Compliance in teams - implications of joint decisions and shared consequences
Sequential majoritarian Blotto Games
The better route to global tax coordination: gradualism or multilateralism?
To deter or to moderate? Alliance formation in contests with incomplete information
Hirschman's tunnel effect goes abroad: International dimensions of social comparison and subjective well-being
Deception under time pressure: conscious decision or a problem of awareness?
Complete information pivotal-voter model with asymmetric group size
A Supervisory Architecture Fit for CMU: Aiming at a Moving Target
Does Europe Have What It Takes to Finish the Banking Union?
What Is Really Wrong with Global Tax Governance and How to Properly Fix It
Adaptation, mitigation and risk-taking in climate policy
Ten Questions about Why and How to Tax the Digitalized Economy
Anti-social behavior in groups
Online shopping and platform design with ex ante registration requirements
Anzeigepflichten für Steuergestaltungen
Praxisfälle Steuerrecht 3. Ausgewählte Fälle aus der österreichischen und europäischen Rechtsprechung 2017-2018
Spain
Set-Off
Sorting in the presence of misperceptions
Successful opaque management
Does a clean development mechanism facilitate international environmental agreements?
Recovery and Resolution of CCPs: Obsessing over Regulatory Symmetry?
Monopolistic supply of sorting, inequality and welfare
Facilitating Entry by Facilitating Exit: New Paths in EU Tax Legislation
A game-free microfoundation of mututal optimism in conflicts. Mimeo
Social contagion of ethnic hostility
Biasing unbiased dynamic contests
Stability, Flexibility and Proportionality: Towards a Two-Tiered European Banking Law?
Taxation and Democracy
Dynamics of the market for corporate tax-avoidance advice
Budget and effort choice in sequential Colonel Blotto campaigns
Editorial note
Combining Limited Liability and Transparent Taxation: Lessons from the Convergent Evolution of GmbH & Co. KGs, S Corporations, LLCs, and Other Functionally Equivalent Entities
Team contests with multiple pairwise battles: comment. Mimeo