Constitutionalism in Ireland, 1932–1938: National, Commonwealth, and International Perspectives
Cultural Deviance, Political Crime, Public Media and Security. Perspectives on the Cultural History of Crime and Criminal Justice in Early Modern Europe
[Rezension von: Riccardo Saccenti, Debating Medieval Natural Law. A Survey. Notre Dame, IN: University of Notre Dame Press, 2016]
Republics, their Customs, and the Law of the King: Convivencia and Self-Determination in the Crown of Castile and its American Territories, 1400–1700
Global Legal History: Setting Europe in Perspective
Oil States Energy Services, LLC, Petitioner, v. Green’s Energy Group, LLC, et al., Respondents. - On Writ of Certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. - Brief for H. Tomás Gómez-Arostegui and Sean Bottomley as Amici Curiae in support of neither party
Nature: From Protecting Regional Landscapes to Regionalist Self-Assertion in the Age of the Global Environment
[Review of: Andrew S. Tompkins. Better Active than Radioactive!: Anti-Nuclear Protest in 1970s France and West Germany. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2016.]
Denmark: Short Country Report [HoNESt – History of Nuclear Energy and Society, Short Country Reports D3.6]
Rereading the Speech of Otto of Nordheim against the Tyranny of Henry IV in Saxony
Lessons from the Past? Rule of Law, Institutional Arrangements, Constitutional Review
Article 6:110: Stipulation in Favour of a Third Party
Legal Reasoning in a Slave Society (Brazil, 1860–88)
Drafting the Irish Constitution, 1935–1937: Transnational Influences in Interwar Europe
"The Right to Shoot Himself": Secession in the British Commonwealth of Nations
Visualizing Organizational Identity: The History of a Capitalist Enterprise
The End of Empires
Matías De Paz and the Introduction of Thomism in the Asuntos De Indias: A Conceptual Revolution
War Memorials in Organizational Memory: a Case Study of the Bank of England
Comparative Cross-Country Analysis on Preliminary Identification of Key Factors Underlying Public Perception and Societal Engagement with Nuclear Developments in Different National Contexts [HoNESt – History of Nuclear Energy and Society, Project Report D4.2]
[Database] Topoi Research Project A-3-4, Topoi Research Project B-1-4: Roman Water Law (Edition Topoi)
Agency and Asymmetrics: Actors and their Access to Resources in Colonial and Development Setting
Applying Lessons of the Past? Exploring ECB Speeches during the Great Recession
Francisco de Vitoria
European Twentieth-Century Dictatorship and the Law
Vorsprung durch Technik: Private Law Scholarship in 20th Century Germany from a Comparative Perspective
Case Studies Reports: In-depth Understanding of the Mechanisms for Effective Interaction with Civil Society: Selected Case Studies [HoNESt – History of Nuclear Energy and Society, Project Report D4.3]
Legal Traditions: A Dialogue between Comparative Law and Comparative Legal History
Before Vitoria. Early Theological and Juridical Responses to the Spanish Expansion. Introductory Remarks
And or With Others: Normative Orders of Nations in South and Southeast Asia, c. 1500–1900 [Review of: Clara Kemme, Between Tribute and Treaty: Implementing the Law of Nations in South and Southeast Asia, c. 1500–1900 (Rechtsgeschichtliche Studien 75), Hamburg: Verlag Dr. Kovač 2017]
Corporations in the British Empire in the Wake of the American Revolution [Review of: Naomi R. Lamoreaux, William J. Novak (eds.), Corporations and American Democracy, Cambridge/MA: Harvard University Press 2017]
Resources in a Social World
The Lived Space. Possession, Ownership, and Land Sales on the Chilean Frontier (Valdivia, 1790-1830)
“The Human Factor”: French–West German Bilateralism and the “Logic of Appropriateness” in the European Crisis of the Mid-1960s
Legal Pluralism in the 19th and 20th century
[Review of: Constitution-making in Asia: Decolonisation and State-building in the Aftermath of the British Empire. Abingdon 2016]
Report on Dissemination, Communication, Engagement and the Database of Key Stakeholders [HoNESt – History of Nuclear Energy and Society, Project Report D6.2]
Studies in the Contract Laws of Asia II: Formation and Third Party Beneficiaries
Formalising Credit Markets? The Entrance of English Joint-Stock Banks
The Influence of the Napoleonic Penal Code on the Development of Criminal Law in Germany: Juridical Discourses, Legal Transfer and Codification
How Far Does the Apple Fall from the Tree? The Size of English Bank Branch Networks in the Nineteenth Century
Comparative and Institutional Perspectives on the Exercise of Judicial Power in the Irish Free State
The Principles of Latin American Contract Law: Text, Translation, and Introduction
The Politics of Devotion: Indigenous Spirituality and the Virgin of Chiquinquirá in the New Kingdom of Granada
"Dominium" in the Indies. Juan López de Palacios Rubios’ "Libellus de insulis oceanis quas vulgus indias appelat" (1512–1516)
Creditors’ Claims against Trustees and Trust Funds
Judicial Intervention in Early Corporate Governance Disputes: Vice-Chancellor Shadwell’s Lost Judgment in Mozley v Alston (1847)
Jurisdictional Autonomy and the Autonomy of Law: End of Empire and the Functional Differentiation of Law in 19th-century Latin America
Bureaucracy and Emotions – Perpectives across Disciplines
Interpretation
Introduction
Introduction: Convivencia(s)
A Comprehensive Analysis of English Case Law on Colonial Slavery in England [Review of: Andrew Lyall, Granville Sharp’s Cases on Slavery, Oxford/Portland, OR: Hart Publishing 2017]
Legal Receptions, Legal Academia and Islamic Legal Thinking in 19th- and 20th-century Egypt [Review of: Leonard Wood, Islamic Legal Revival: Reception of European Law and Transformations in Islamic Legal Thought in Egypt, 1875–1952, Oxford: Oxford University Press 2016]
Uses of Convivencia and Filosefardismo in Spanish Legal Discourses
School of Salamanca
Legal Traditions. A Dialogue between Comparative Law and Comparative Legal History
Translating Canon Law into Local Reality: from Trent to Santiago de Chile
War and Peace in Organizational Memory
[Review of: Oswalt, Walter: NO MONO. Capitalism without corporations. Münster 2017]
Assignments of Equitable Interests and the Origins of Re Rose
"The World’s Worst Located Nuclear Power Plant": Danish and Swedish Cross-Border Perspectives on the Barsebäck Nuclear Power Plant
Symposium: Legal History and Comparative Law: A Dialogue in Time of the Transnationalization of Law and Legal Scholarship - Preface
Nuclear Installations at the Border. Transnational connections and international implications. An Introduction