Correlated light and electron microscopy of cell division in large marine oocytes, eggs and embryos.
F-Actin nucleated on chromosomes coordinates their capture by microtubules in oocyte meiosis.
Current fluctuations across a nano-pore
A disassembly-driven mechanism explains F-actin-mediated chromosome transport in starfish oocytes.
Ca2+ regulates the kinetics of synaptic vesicle fusion at the afferent inner hair cell synapse.
Combined use of unnatural amino acids enables dual color super-resolution Imaging of proteins via click chemistry.
Dissecting gene function in oocyte meiosis.
Superresolution microscopy of the T cell receptor in the immunological synapse.
Super-resolution imaging reveals the sub-diffraction phenotype of Zellweger Syndrome ghosts and wild-type peroxisomes.
Doppler-free Fourier transform spectroscopy.
Photophysics of diphenyl-pyrazole compounds in solutions and α-synuclein aggregates.
Structure of paused transcription complex Pol II–DSIF–NELF.
Dual and direction-selective mechanisms of phosphate transport by the vesicular glutamate transporter.
Translational inelasticity of NO and CO in scattering from ultrathin metallic films of Ag/Au(111)
Localisation of formyl-peptide receptor 2 in the rat central nervous system and its role in axonal and dendritic outgrowth
Taking a confident leap into uncertainty.
Fluorescence of 4-(diisopropylamino)benzonitrile (DIABN) single crystals from 300 K down to 5 K. Intramolecular charge transfer disappears below 60 K.
Spin-label order parameter calibrations for slow motion.
Nanoparticle-assisted STED nanoscopy with gold nanospheres.
Co-translational folding trajectory of the HemK helical domain.
Molecular order and T1-relaxation, cross-relaxation in nitroxide spin labels.
Fully-automatic multiresolution idealization for filtered ion channel recordings: Flickering event detection.
Neurosecretion: What can we learn from chromaffin cells.
The diphenylpyrazole compound anle138b blocks Aβ channels and rescues disease phenotypes in a mouse model for amyloid pathology.
Plk1/Polo phosphorylates Sas-4 at the onset of mitosis for an efficient recruitment of pericentriolar material to centrosomes.
Comparison of fMRI digit representations of the dominant and non-dominant hand in the human primary somatosensory cortex.
Superresolution imaging of the synaptonemal complex.
A simple means of producing highly transparent graphene on sapphire using chemical vapor deposition on a copper catalyst.
Single-particle analysis for fluorescence nanoscopy.
The host-encoded RNase E endonuclease as the crRNA maturation enzyme in a CRISPR-Cas subtype III-Bv system.
Optical sensor system for time-resolved quantification of methane concentrations: Validation measurements in a rapid compression machine.
Proteomic profiling of microtubule self-organization in M-phase.
Defective mitochondrial cardiolipin remodeling dampens HIF-1 alpha expression in hypoxia.
Structure and pro-toxic mechanism of the human Hsp90/PPIase/Tau complex.
Crucial role for oxygen functional groups in the oxygen reduction reaction electrocatalytic activity of nitrogen-doped carbons.
Large Stokes shift fluorescent dyes based on 9-amino- and 9-phosphonylpyronin scaffolds and their use in bioimaging applications.
From compartmentalization of bacteria within inorganic macrocellular beads to the assembly of microbial onsortia.
Excision of the doubly methylated base N-4,5-dimethylcytosine from DNA by Escherichia coli Nei and Fpg proteins.
Higher-order brain areas associated with real-time functional MRI neurofeedback training of the somato-motor cortex.
Bayesian multiple logistic regression for case-control GWAS.
Experimental and computational framework for a dynamic protein atlas of human cell division.
Acute and rapid degradation of endogenous proteins by Trim-Away.
Structural basis for the regulatory interaction of the methylglyoxal synthase MgsA with the carbon flux regulator Crh in Bacillus subtilis.
Identification of new high affinity targets for Roquin based on structural conservation.
Comparative proteomics reveals a diagnostic signature for pulmonary head-and-neck cancer metastasis.
Monomeric TCR-CD3 complexes drive T-cell antigen recognition.
Axial tubule junctions activate atrial Ca2+ release across species.
Inelastic H atom scattering from ultrathin aluminum oxide films grown by atomic layer deposition on Pt(111)
Determination of the refractive index of liquids at cryogenic temperature
Precision spectra of A2Σ+, v′=0←X2Π3/2, v′′=0, J′′=3/2 transitions in 16OH and 16OD
Interaction of Cu(i) with the Met-X3-Met motif of alpha-synuclein: Binding ligands, affinity and structural features.
A unified framework for alchemical mutations in proteins, DNA and ligands.
Variational multiscale nonparametric regression: Smooth functions.
Verdazyls as possible building blocks for multifunctional molecular materials: A case study on 1,5-Diphenyl-3-(p-iodophenyl)-verdazyl focusing on magnetism, electron transfer and the applicability of the Sonogashira-Hagihara reaction.
Challenges and approaches to understand cholesterol-binding impact on membrane protein function: An NMR view.
Near-infrared STED nanoscopy with an engineered bacterial phytochrome.
Gene expression and ultrastructure of meso- and thermophilic methanotrophic consortia.
Deciphering the reading of the genetic code by near-cognate tRNA.
Ultrafast optogenetic stimulation of the auditory pathway by targeting-optimized Chronos.
An analysis and evaluation of the WeFold collaborative for protein structure prediction and its pipelines in CASP11 and CASP12.
Manfred Eigen: The realization of his vision of Biophysical Chemistry.
The binding mode of a repeat-like Tau sequence with tubulin.
Associative desorption of hydrogen isotopologues from copper surfaces: Characterization of two reaction mechanisms.
Accelerated T2 mapping combining parallel MRI and model-based reconstruction: GRAPPATINI.
In silico assessment of the conduction mechanism of the ryanodine receptor 1 reveals previously unknown exit pathways.
A probabilistic network model for structural transitions in biomolecules.
Cytomatrix proteins CAST and ELKS regulate retinal photoreceptor development and maintenance.
Novel reversibly switchable fluorescent proteins for RESOLFT and STED nanoscopy engineered from the bacterial photoreceptor YtvA.
S-nitrosylation of divalent metal transporter 1 enhances iron uptake to mediate loss of dopaminergic neurons and motoric deficit
The human Obg protein GTPBP10 is involved in mitoribosomal biogenesis.
Cryo-EM structure of a mammalian RNA polymerase II elongation complex inhibited by α-amanitin.
Quantitative assessment of xenon exchange kinetics with Cucurbit[6]uril in physiological saline.
Chronic low-dose pro-oxidant treatment stimulates transcriptional activity of telomeric retroelements and increases telomere length in Drosophila.
Cytoplasmic flows in starfish oocytes are fully determined by cortical contractions.
Conotoxin κM-RIIIJ, a tool targeting asymmetric heteromeric Kv1 channels.
Screening and engineering of colour centres in diamond.
Fluorescent dyes and probes for super-resolution microscopy of microtubules and tracheoles in living cells and tissues.
Preface
Multiscale scanning in inverse problems.
Translation in prokaryotes.
Adaptivity and oracle inequalities in linear statistical inverse problems: A (numerical) survey.
Nucleotide-dependent conformational dynamics and energetics of tubulin.
Accurate CD spectrum predictions with SESCA: Including protein flexibility and side chains.
Universality from disorder in the random-bond Blume-Capel model
Fully automated correlation-based refinement of atomic models into high resolution cryo-EM density maps.
Work function dependence of vibrational relaxation probabilities: NO(v=2) scattering from ultrathin metallic films of Ag/Au(111)
Photoactivatable rhodamine spiroamides and diazoketones decorated with “universal hydrophilizer” or hydroxyl groups.
Fast interleaved multislice T1 mapping: Model-based reconstruction of single-shot inversion-recovery radial FLASH.
Robust nanoscopy of a synaptic protein in living mice by organic-fluorophore labeling.
More than 12% polarization and 20 minute lifetime of 15N on choline derivative utilizing parahydrogen and Rhodium nanocatalyst in water.
Small synthetic molecule-stabilized RNA pseudoknot as an activator for -1 ribosomal frameshifting.
Motor recruitment to the TIM23 channel's lateral gate restricts polypeptide release into the inner membrane.
Sensitivity-enhanced Four-dimensional amide-amide correlation NMR experiments for sequential assignment of proline-rich disordered proteins.
Biomimetic light-harvesting funnels for re-directioning of diffuse light.
The CAPOS mutation in ATP1A3 alters Na/K-ATPase function and results in auditory neuropathy which has implications for management.
Waggawagga-CLI: A command-line tool for predicting stable single a-helices (SAH-domains), and the SAH-domain distribution across eukaryotes.
Interplay between the catabolite repression control protein Crc, Hfq and RNA in Hfq-dependent translational regulation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
The Sm-core mediates the retention of partially-assembled spliceosomal snRNPs in Cajal bodies until their full maturation.
1H magic-angle spinning NMR evolves as a powerful new tool for membrane proteins.
Protein profiling of non-model plant Cuminum cyminum by gel-based proteomic approach.
Prp19/Pso4 is an autoinhibited ubiquitin ligase activated by stepwise assembly of three splicing factors.
The nuts and bolts of the Haloferax CRISPR-Cas system I-B.
Toolbox: Creating a systematic database of secretory pathway proteins uncovers new cargo for COPI.
Pathophysiological consequences of neuronal alpha-Synuclein overexpression: Impacts on ion homeostasis, stress signaling, mitochondrial integrity, and electrical activity.
Mutations of the mitochondrial carrier translocase channel subunit TIM22 cause early-onset mitochondrial myopathy.
Local and global dynamics in intrinsically disordered synuclein.
Inhibition of CPAP-tubulin interaction prevents proliferation of centrosome-amplified cancer cells.
Precisely measured protein lifetimes in the mouse brain reveal differences across tissues and subcellular fractions.
Cryofixation during live‐imaging enables millisecond time‐correlated light and electron microscopy.
Individual synaptic vesicles mediate stimulated exocytosis from cochlear inner hair cells.
The vascular bone marrow niche influences outcome in chronic myeloid leukemia.
Visualization of translation termination intermediates trapped by the Apidaecin 137 peptide during RF3-mediated recycling of RF1.
MINFLUX monitors rapid molecular jumps with superior spatiotemporal resolution.
Pre‑aggregation kinetics and intermediates of α‑synuclein monitored by the ESIPT probe 7MFE.
Soft X-ray spectroscopy as a probe for gas-phase protein structure: Electron impact ionization from within.
Hydrogen collisions with transition metal surfaces: Universal electronically nonadiabatic adsorption.
PEITH(Θ) - perfecting experiments with information theory in python with GPU support.
Universal, high-fidelity quantum gates based on superadiabatic, geometric phases on a solid-state spin-qubit at room temperature.
Measurement of residual chemical shift anisotropies in compressed PMMA gels. Automatic compensation of gel isotropic shift contribution.
Three dimensional live-cell STED microscopy at increased depth using a water immersion objective.
Determination of urinary metabolites of the emerging UV filter octocrylene by online-SPE-LC-MS/MS.
The use of Hoechst dyes for DNA staining and beyond.
Combined multi-plane phase retrieval and super-resolution optical fluctuation imaging for 4D cell microscopy.
Insights into cholesterol/membrane protein interactions using paramagnetic solid-state NMR.
Structural insights into the stimulation of S. pombe Dnmt2 catalytic efficiency by the tRNA nucleoside queuosine.
Helical fibers via evaporation-driven self-assembly of surface-acylated cellulose nanowhiskers.
The APT complex is involved in non-coding RNA transcription and is distinct from CPF.
Properties of site-specifically incorporated 3-Aminotyrosine in proteins to study redox-active tyrosines: E. coli ribonucleotide reductase as a paradigm.
The spatial structure of cone-opponent receptive fields in macaque retina.
The mitochondrial TMEM177 associates with COX20 during COX2 biogenesis.
RNA velocity of single cells.
Automatic segmentation of speech articulators from real-time midsagittal MRI based on supervised learning.
Monitoring interactions inside cells by advanced spectroscopies: Overview of copper transporters and cisplatin.
Molecular simulations of the ribosome and associated translation factors.
The Na+/H+ exchanger Nhe1 modulates network excitability via GABA release.
Polarity acquisition in cortical neurons is driven by synergistic action of Sox9-regulated Wwp1 and Wwp2 E3 ubiquitin ligases and intronic miR-140.
Reversible immobilization of proteins in sensors and solid-state nanopores.
RNA polymerase II clustering through carboxy-terminal domain phase separation.
Mechanism of mechanosensitive gating of the TREK-2 potassium channel.
Mitosis and Meiosis. Part A
Functions and dynamics of actin waves.
The small molecule anle138b shows interaction with alpha-synuclein oligomers in phospholipid membranes.
Nanoscopy with multiple off-states.
Lipid configurations from molecular dynamics simulations.
Spatial orchestration of mitochondrial translation and OXPHOS complex assembly.
Velocity-resolved kinetics of site-specific carbon monoxide oxidation on platinum surfaces.
Kinetics of the B-A transition of DNA: Analysis of potential contributions to a reaction barrier.
Automated detection and manipulation of sleep in C. elegans reveals depolarization of a sleep-active neuron during mechanical stimulation-induced sleep deprivation.
SESCA: Predicting the circular dichroism spectra of proteins from molecular structure.
Chronic agomelatine treatment prevents comorbid depression in the post-status epilepticus model of acquired epilepsy through suppression of inflammatory signaling.
Mass measurements reveal preferential sorption of mixed solvent components in porous nanoparticles.
Nuclear spin singlet states as magnetic on/off probes in self-assembling systems
K+binding and proton redistribution in the E2P state of the H+, K+-ATPase.
Tissue-selective restriction of RNA editing of CaV1.3 by splicing factor SRSF9
Enriched expression of neutral sphingomyelinase 2 in the striatum is essential for regulation of lipid raft content and motor coordination
Observation of the adsorption and desorption of vibrationally excited molecules on a metal surface.
Stereotypical architecture of the stem cell niche is spatiotemporally established by miR-125-dependent coordination of Notch and steroid signaling.
Simultaneous multi-slice MRI using cartesian and radial FLASH and regularized nonlinear inversion: SMS-NLINV.
Glyoxal as an alternative fixative to formaldehyde in immunostaining and super-resolution microscopy.
Functionally specific binding regions of microtubule-associated protein 2c exhibit distinct conformations and dynamics.
Simultaneous determination of fast and slow dynamics in molecules using extreme CPMG relaxation dispersion experiments.
HIV-1 gp41 transmembrane oligomerization monitored by FRET and FCS.
Stable maintenance of the rudivirus SIRV3 in a carrier state in Sulfolobus islandicus despite activation of the CRISPR-Cas immune response by a second virus SMV1.
Reconstitution of a 26-subunit human kinetochore reveals cooperative microtubule binding by CENP-OPQUR and NDC80.
Carbamazepine-mediated adverse drug reactions: CBZ-10,11-epoxide but not carbamazepine induces the alteration of peptides presented by HLA-B*15:02.
X-ray Raman spectroscopy of lithium-ion battery electrolyte solutions in a flow cell.
Sleep counteracts aging phenotypes to survive starvation-induced developmental arrest in C. elegans.
Incorporating hierarchical kinetics into determination of protein structure.
Transcription factor dimerization activates the p300 acetyltransferase.
The fusion pore, 60 years after the first cartoon.
Solution NMR views of dynamical ordering of biomacromolecules.
Beta-sheet augmentation is a conserved mechanism of priming HECT E3 ligases for ubiquitin ligation.
Ultra-sensitive mid-infrared emission spectrometer with sub-ns temporal resolution.
HLA-G mediated immune regulation is impaired by a single amino acid exchange in the alpha 2 domain.
The BaMM web server for de-novo motif discovery and regulatory sequence analysis.
Direct knock-on of desolvated ions governs strict ion selectivity in K+ channels.
Identifying sequenced eukaryotic genomes and transcriptomes with diArk.
Structural basis of mitochondrial transcription.
Understanding Overhauser dynamic nuclear polarisation through NMR relaxometry.
A new albumin-depletion strategy improves proteomic research of gingival crevicular fluid from periodontitis patients.
Structure of activated transcription complex Pol II-DSIF-PAF-SPT6.
Effects of cryo-EM freezing on the structural ensemble.
Sleep-active neurons: Conserved motors of sleep.
Monomeric TCRs drive T cell antigen recognition.
Time-resolved inner-shell photoelectron spectroscopy: From a bound molecule to an isolated atom.
Dynamics of ribosomes and release factors during translation termination in E-coli.
COX16 promotes COX2 metallation and assembly during respiratory complex IV biogenesis.
Photodissociation of aligned CH3I and C6H3F2I molecules probed with time-resolved Coulomb explosion imaging by site-selective extreme ultraviolet ionization.
The 2018 biomembrane curvature and remodeling roadmap.
Distinct mechanisms of transcription initiation by RNA polymerases I and II.
Toward an optically controlled brain.
Surface properties determining passage rates of proteins through nuclear pores.
Actin disassembly: How to contract without motors?
Duality between relaxation and first passage in reversible Markov dynamics: Rugged energy landscapes disentangled.
Decomposition of time-dependent fluorescence signals reveals codon-specific kinetics of protein synthesis.
Expression of the methionine sulfoxide reductase lost during evolution extends Drosophila lifespan in a methionine-dependent manner.
miRNA targeting and alternative splicing in the stress response - events hosted by membrane-less compartments.
Stress-dependent miR-980 regulation of Rbfox1/A2bp1 promotes ribonucleoprotein granule formation and cell survival.
Mitosis and Meiosis. Part B
Carotid artery flow as determined by real-time phase-contrast flow MRI and neurovascular ultrasound: A comparative study of healthy subjects.
Quantification of spinal cord compression using T1 mapping in patients with cervical spinal canal stenosis - Preliminary experience.
ATP as a fuel molecule: Evolutionary selection of magnesium-ATP interaction mode facilitates lossless chemomechanical coupling for ATPases.
Studying the nascent peptide chain in the ribosomal exit tunnel.
Eukaryotic genomic databases : Methods and protocols
Mitosis and Meiosis Part B
HFSP: High speed homology-driven function annotation of proteins.
Kinetics of huperzine a dissociation from ccetylcholinesterase via multiple unbinding pathways.
STED nanoscopy of the centrosome linker reveals a CEP68-organized, periodic rootletin network anchored to a C-Nap1 ring at centrioles.
Intra- and interobserver variability in the diagnosis of GERD by real-time MRI.
A convenient protocol for generating giant unilamellar vesicles containing SNARE proteins using electroformation.
A microscopy-based approach for studying meiosis in live and fixed human oocytes.
Clathrin coat controls synaptic vesicle acidification by blocking vacuolar ATPase activity.
The potential of zwitterionic nanoliposomes against neurotoxic alpha-synuclein aggregates in Parkinson's Disease.
Distinct populations in spin-label EPR spectra from nitroxides.
Structure determination from single molecule X-ray scattering with three photons per image.
Endogenous stochastic decoding of the CUG codon by competing Ser- and Leu-tRNAs in Ascoidea asiatica.
Neurog3 misexpression unravels mouse pancreatic ductal cell plasticity.
Double trouble at the beginning of life.
Ether-linked lipids: Spin-label EPR and spin echoes.
Human iPSC-derived RPE and retinal organoids reveal impaired alternative splicing of genes involved in pre-mRNA splicing in PRPF31 autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa.
Two-component latency distributions indicate two-step vesicular release at simple glutamatergic synapses.
CO2-catalyzed efficient dehydrogenation of amines with detailed mechanistic and kinetic studies.
Disrupted alternative splicing for genes implicated in splicing and ciliogenesis causes PRPF31 retinitis pigmentosa.
A single NaK channel conformation is not enough for non-selective ion conduction.
Detection of bacteria colonizing titanium spinal implants in children.
Shifted dynamic interactions between subcortical nuclei and inferior frontal gyri during response preparation in persistent developmental stuttering.
Polypharmacology by design - a medicinal chemist's perspective on multi-targeting compounds.
Highly-sensitive and highly-correlative flexible motion sensors based on asymmetric piezotronic effect.
A completely reimplemented MPI Bioinformatics Toolkit with a new HHpred server at its core.
A toolbox of anti-mouse and anti-rabbit IgG secondary nanobodies.
Chromophore twisting in the excited state of a photoswitchable fluorescent protein captured by time-resolved serial femtosecond crystallography.
Inference for empirical Wasserstein distances on finite spaces.
The elusive abnormal CO2 insertion enabled by metal-ligand cooperative photochemical selectivity inversion.
Binding modes of phthalocyanines to amyloid β peptide and their effects on amyloid fibril formation.
Lipids alter rhodopsin function via ligand-like and solvent-like interactions.
Chromatin remodeling BAF155 subunit regulates the genesis of basal progenitors in developing cortex.
Quantitative optical nanophysiology of Ca2+ signaling at inner hair cell active zones.
Crohn's disease patient serum changes protein expression in a human mesenchymal stem cell model in a linear relationship to patients' disease stage and to bone mineral density.
Two-color 810 nm STED nanoscopy of living cells with endogenous SNAP-tagged fusion proteins.
Fluorescent probes for live cell imaging.
Defective mitochondrial cardiolipin remodeling dampens HIF-1α expression in hypoxia.
Deep phenotyping of human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived atrial and ventricular cardiomyocytes.
Cotranslational protein targeting to the membrane: Nascent-chain transfer in a quaternary complex formed at the translocon.
Molecular mechanism of fusion pore formation driven by the neuronal SNARE complex.
sRNA41 affects ribosome binding sites within polycistronic mRNAs in Methanosarcina mazei Gö1.
Accurate estimation of ligand binding affinity changes upon protein mutation.
The solution structure of monomeric CCL5 in complex with a doubly sulfated N-terminal segment of CCR5.
Xpo7 is a broad-spectrum exportin and a nuclear import receptor.
A dual-AAV approach restores fast exocytosis and partially rescues auditory function in deaf otoferlin knock-out mice.
RNA helicases mediate structural transitions and compositional changes in pre-ribosomal complexes.
Proton distribution in Sc-doped BaZrO3: A solid state NMR and first principle calculations analysis.
Consistent prediction of mutation effect on drug binding in HIV-1 protease using alchemical calculations.
A proximity labeling strategy provides insights into the composition and dynamics of lipid droplet proteomes.
Aberration-corrected cryoimmersion light microscopy.
Bump detection in heterogeneous Gaussian regression.
Unified description of H-atom-induced chemicurrents and inelastic scattering.
1H, 13C and 15N resonance assignment of human guanylate kinase.
perfectBASH: Band-selective homonuclear decoupling in peptides and peptidomimetics.
Microtubule assembly governed by tubulin allosteric gain in flexibility and lattice induced fit.
Respiration and the watershed of spinal CSF flow in humans.
Parahydrogen-based hyperpolarization for biomedicine.
DNA nanotweezers and graphene transistor enable label-free genotyping.
Vesicle adhesion and fusion studied by small-angle x-ray scattering.
Pulsed magnetic resonance to signal‐enhance metabolites within seconds by utilizing para‐hydrogen.
Calculation of absolute solvation shell entropies from MD trajectories via permutation reduction.
Fluorescent labelling of Beet necrotic yellow vein virus and Beet soil-borne mosaic virus for co- and superinfection experiments in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Epigenetic regulation by BAF complexes limits neural stem cell proliferation by suppressing Wnt signaling in late embryonic development.
Cryo-EM in drug discovery: Achievements, limitations and prospects.
Large-scale analysis of water stability in bromodomain binding pockets with grand canonical Monte Carlo.
Spin dynamics in the single-ion magnet [Er(W5O18)2]9−
Spin dynamics in the single-ion magnet [Er(W5O18)2]9-
Mapping interactions with the chaperone network reveals factors that protect against tau aggregation.
Arrest of trans-SNARE zippering uncovers loosely and tightly docked intermediates in membrane fusion.
Clustering huge protein sequence sets in linear time.
Cluster-dependent charge-transfer dynamics in iron-sulfur proteins.
Utilizing dipole-dipole cross-correlated relaxation for the measurement of angles between pairs of opposing CαHα-CαHα bonds in anti-parallel β-sheets.
Model-based T1 mapping with sparsity constraints using single-shot inversion-recovery radial FLASH.
Altered morphology of the nucleus accumbens in persistent developmental stuttering.
Venus flytrap: How an excitable, carnivorous plant works.
PONy dyes: Direct addition of P(III) nucleophiles to organic fluorophores.
Losartan suppresses the kainate-induced changes of angiotensin AT(1) receptor expression in a model of comorbid hypertension and epilepsy.
Functions of unconventional mammalian translational GTPases GTPBP1 and GTPBP2.
Diacylglycerol triggers Rim101 pathway-dependent necrosis in yeast: A model for lipotoxicity.
Reconstitution of SNARE proteins into solid-supported lipid bilayer stacks and X-ray structure analysis.
TCRs are randomly distributed on the plasma membrane of resting antigen-experienced T cells.
Assembly and positioning of the oocyte meiotic spindle.
Functions of actin in mouse oocytes at a glance.
Dynamically primed synaptic vesicle states: Key to understand synaptic short-term plasticity.
Synthetic protein alignments by CCMgen quantify noise in residue-residue contact prediction.
Evaluation of the methoxy-X04 derivative BSC4090 for diagnosis of prodromal and early Alzheimer's disease from bioptic olfactory mucosa.
The codon sequences predict protein lifetimes and other parameters of the protein life cycle in the mouse brain.
Chlorophyll-carotenoid excitation energy transfer in high-light-exposed thylakoid membranes investigated by snapshot transient absorption spectroscopy.
Transient secondary and tertiary structure formation kinetics in the intrinsically disordered state of α-Synuclein from atomistic simulations.
Directing membrane poration in MD simulations with embedded mechanical gizmos.
The interaction landscape between transcription factors and the nucleosome.
An ultrahigh vacuum apparatus for H atom scattering from surfaces.
Electronically nonadiabatic mechanism of the vibrational relaxation of NO in Ar: Rate coefficients from ab initio potentials and asymptotic coupling.
Integrative omics - from data to biology.
PNA hybrid sequences as recognition units in SNARE-protein-mimicking peptides.
Heterogeneous and rate-dependent streptavidin-biotin unbinding revealed by high-speed force spectroscopy and molecular dynamics simulations.
Online 1H-MRS measurements of time-varying lactate production in an animal model of glioma during administration of an anti-tumoral drug.
Experimental and modelling study of the multichannel thermal dissociations of CH3F and CH2F.
Structural basis of splicing modulation by antitumor macrolide compounds.
Uniform airy approximation for nonadiabatic transitions in a curve-crossing weak-coupling case.
Quantifying asymmetry of multimeric proteins.
Meningioma transcription factors link cell lineage with systemic metabolic cues.
Enhancing fluorescence excitation and collection from the nitrogen-vacancy center in diamond through a micro-concave mirror.
Strongly enhanced bacterial bioluminescence with the ilux operon for single-cell imaging.
Structure and conformational dynamics of the human spliceosomal Bact complex.
Structure of transcribing RNA polymerase II-nucleosome complex.
miR449 protects airway cilia and healthy lung ageing.
Multiple RNA-RNA tertiary interactions are dispensable for formation of a functional U2/U6 RNA catalytic core in the spliceosome.
Spatial structure of disordered proteins dictates conductance and selectivity in Nuclear Pore Complex mimics.
Immunohistochemical localization of angiotensin AT(1) receptors in the rat carotid body.
Translation initiation in bacterial polysomes through ribosome loading on a standby site on a highly translated mRNA.
Formation of COPI-coated vesicles at a glance.
Multiscale blind source separation.
Over 50 % 1H and 13C polarization for generating hyperpolarized metabolites—A para‐hydrogen approach.
Diagnosis of disk displacement using real-time MRI: Clinical report of two patients.
Unfolding tagged particle histories in single-file diffusion: Exact single- and two-tag local times beyond large deviation theory.
Why do proteases mess up with antigen presentation by re-shuffling antigen sequences?
High frequency neural spiking and auditory signaling by ultrafast red-shifted optogenetics.