National characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law in Australia
Challenges of International Criminal Justice
Criminal Policy in Iran Following the Revolution of 1979 : A Comparative Analysis of Criminal Punishment and Sentencing in Iran and Germany
Societas delinquere potest : The Romanian perception of corporate criminal liability
The prognosis of terrorist attacks – limits of scientific findings
News – Council of Europe
News – European Union
Sentencing in Germany : Explaining Long-Term Stability in the Structure of Criminal Sanctions And Sentencing
Nation-Building and the Language Tetralemma: Andre Borgerhoff’s Competitive Nation-Building in Timor-Leste
Electronic Monitoring
Structural violence and some other forms and manifestations of violence
Boundlessness of Cyberspace vs. Limited Application of the National Criminal Law (on the example of Russian, US-American and German legal systems). International Cybercrime Court
Illegal Detention and Human Rights in Russia
Organized Crime in Cyberspace
Transatlantic Data Exchange in Criminal Matters: Rubberstamping a Data Protection System?
Jihadi Violence : A study of al-Qaeda's media
National Criminal Law in a Comparative Legal Context : Volume 1.1: Introduction to National Systems
Juvenile Criminal Law and Justice in Germany : Accounting for Trends in the German Juvenile Criminal Justice System
Radicalisation and de-radicalisation of social movements. The comeback of political Islam?
Towards a Penology of International Crimes? A Reflection on the Punishment of Mass Atrocities in the Aftermath of Genocide
Illegal Detention in China
The Concept(s) of Punishment in Multicultural Societies
National characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law in Switzerland
Comment on Kinzig
The role of self-control and self-esteem and the impact of early risk factors among violent offenders
The Data Protection Gap : From Private Databases to Criminal Files
Privatization of Information and the Data Protection Reform
National characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law in Greece
Public-Private Partnerships in Countering Cybercrime
The State of Police Integrity in Armenia: Findings from the Police Integrity Survey
The Principle of Legality in the Iranian Constitutional and Criminal Law
Rwanda
Money Laundering and the Casino Industry : Findings from a Doctoral Study
Maras : A study of their origin, international impact, and the measures taken to fight them
National Criminal Law in a Comparative Legal Context : Volume 1.2: Introduction to National Systems
Experiences, perceptions and attitudes : Variations of police-adolescents relationships in French and German Cities
Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice in Europe : A Collection in Honour of Prof. em. dr. dr. h.c. Cyrille Fijnaut
Insights, Errors and Self-Misconceptions of the Theory of Principles
The Death Penalty, Deterrence and Policy Making
Surveillance and Data Protection in the Conflict between European and American Legal Cultures