Performances for the Dead: Public Rituals Involving Deceased Rulers in late Inca and early colonial Peru (ca. 1450-1550)
Regulatory Competition through Choice of Contract Law and Choice of Forum in Europe: Theory and Evidence
Reforms of Social Protection Systems in Latin America – The Legal Context
Exporting Executive Accountability? Westminster Legacies of Executive Power
Constructing the refugee figure in France: ethnomethodology of a decisional process
The Common European Sales Law in Context: Interactions with English and German Law
[Review of: Hamid Khan, The Islamic Law of Inheritance, Oxford University Press, 2008].
Violent Crimes and Retaliation in the European Criminal Justice System between the Seventeenth and Nineteenth Century
How Birds Became Europeans: Bird Protection Activists Cooperating across Borders for Supranational Protection
Introduction: The European Contract Law Initiative and the ‘CFR in Context Project
[Review of: Hamid Khan, The Islamic Law of Inheritance, Oxford University Press]
Humanists and Jurists at Bologna: Filippo Beroaldo and his School
The DCFR and the CESL as Models for Law Reform
European Legal History - Global Perspectives. Working Paper for the Colloquium ,European Normativity - Global Historical Perspectives' (Max-Planck-Institute for European Legal History, September, 2nd-4th, 2013)
Challenging the Atomic Community: The European Environmental Bureau and the Europeanization of Anti-Nuclear Protest
Poverty Reduction in Bolivia: The Universal Pension
Migrants: Introduction
Migrants: Analysis
Cento of the true emperor
The ‘Tropical Dominions’: The Appeal of Dominion Status in the Decolonisation of India, Pakistan and Ceylon
Constrained parliamentarism in New Zealand
Conferences on Theology and Indian Languages: A Program to Train Missionaries in New Spain
A Political Legacy of the British Empire: Power and the Parliamentary System in Post-Colonial India and Sri Lanka
Polity-Building and Policy-Making: Societal Actors in European Integration
Revolten und politische Verbrechen zwischen dem 12. und 19. Jahrhundert. Rechtliche Reaktionen und juristisch-politische Diskurse = Revolts and Political Crime from the 12th to the 19th Century. Legal Responses and Juridical-Political Discourses
Drafting and Interpretation of a European Contract Law Instrument
The UNIDROIT Principles of International Commercial Contracts 2010 - Die UNIDROIT Grundregeln der internationalen Handelsverträge 2010
Security and Cross-Border Political Crime: The Formation of Transnational Security Regimes in 18th and 19th Century Europe
Origins of the German Welfare State. Social policy in Germany to 1945
[Review of: Magnus Lundberg, Church Life between the Metropolitan and the Local: Parishes, Parishioners, and Parish Priests in Seventeenth-Century Mexico, Madrid : Iberoamericana, 2011]
Judging and Conciliation – Differentiations and Complementarities
[Review of: Helle Prosdam and Thomas Elholm (eds.), Dialogues on Justice: European Perspectives on Law and Humanities. Berlin: de Gruyter, 2012]
[Review of: Lowe, Keith: Savage Continent. Europe in the Aftermath of World War II. London 2012]
The Early Modern Holy Roman Empire of German Nation (1495-1806): A Multi-layered Legal System
[Review of: Donald E. Chipman, Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca, The Great Pedestrian of North and South America, Denton: Texas State Historical Association, 2012]
The Evolution of the Law on Articles 85 and 86 EEC [Articles 101 and 102 TFEU]: Ordoliberalism and its Keynesian Challenge
Lenel and Daube: a Cross-channel Friendship
The European human rights culture: a paradox of human rights protection in Europe?
Treaty of Tordesillas
Law and Revolution - Revisited
Beyond Governments and Supranational Institutions: Societal Actors in European Integration
The Unintended Legacy of September 11, 1973. Transnational Activism and the Human Rights Movement in Latin America