Ubiquitin-specific protease USP7.
Dynamic nuclear polarization study of inhibitor binding to the M2(18-60) proton transporter from influenza A.
Transcriptome surveillance by selective termination of noncoding RNA synthesis
The RNA polymerase trigger loop functions in all three phases of the transcription cycle.
Table-top ultrafast x-ray microcalorimeter spectrometry for molecular structure.
Spin-state studies with XES and RIXS: From static to ultrafast.
Electrochemical and XAS investigation of oxygen reduction reaction on Pt-TiO2-C catalysts.
Superoxide dismutase inspired Fe(III)−amino acid complexes covalently grafted onto chloropropylated silica gel – Syntheses, structural characterisation and catalytic activity.
NMR spectroscopy of soluble protein complexes at one mega-dalton and beyond.
Linear response, fluctuation-dissipation, and finite-system-size effects in superdiffusion.
Substrates for improved live-cell fluorescence labeling of SNAP-tag.
Vesicles modulate an actin network for asymmetric spindle positioning.
Restarting life: Fertilization and the transition from meiosis to mitosis.
Structure and function of the initially transcribing RNA polymerase II–TFIIB complex
Recruitment of TREX to the transcription machinery by its direct binding to the phospho-CTD of RNA polymerase II.
A near-infrared fluorophore for live-cell super-resolution microscopy of cellular proteins.
Enhanced chemical stability of adomet analogues for improved methyltransferase-directed labeling of DNA.
Selective chemical crosslinking reveals a Cep57-Cep63-Cep152 centrosomal complex.
Finite-time effects and ultraweak ergodicity breaking in superdiffusive dynamics.
kClust: Fast and sensitive clustering of large protein sequence databases.
XUV-induced transient phase gratings for probing ultra-fast carrier generation and recombination processes in wide-bandgap semiconductors.
Toward highlighting the ultrafast electron transfer dynamics at the optically dark sites of photocatalysts.
Eph receptors and ephrin class B ligands are expressed at tissue boundaries in Hydra vulgaris.
Huygens STED deconvolution increases signal-to-noise and image resolution towards 22 nm.
Microfabricated devices for direct measurements of quantal transmitter release from living cells.
Structure of human mitochondrial RNA polymerase elongation complex
Para-hydrogen perspectives in hyperpolarized NMR.
Properties and evolutionary implications of the heliobacterial genome
Struggling to let go: A non‐coding RNA directs its own extension and destruction
Drosophila miR-277 controls branched-chain amino acid catabolism and affects lifespan
Model of the Mediator middle module based on protein cross-linking
Dynamics of incipient carbon particle formation in a stabilized ethylene flame by in situ extended-small-angle- and wide-angle X-ray scattering.
Global analysis of eukaryotic mRNA degradation reveals Xrn1-dependent buffering of transcript levels.
The RNA polymerase II C-terminal domain-interacting domain of yeast Nrd1 contributes to the choice of termination pathway and couples to RNA processing by the nuclear exosome
Transitions for regulating early transcription.
RNA polymerase I structure and transcription regulation
P-value-based regulatory motif discovery using positional weight matrices.
Maximizing the information content of experiments in systems biology.
P38 and JNK have opposing effects on persistence of in vivo leukocyte migration in zebrafish.
Thermal maps of gases in heterogeneous reactions.
Ligand effects of NHC–iridium catalysts for signal amplification by reversible exchange (SABRE)
Fundamental aspects of parahydrogen enhanced low-field nuclear magnetic resonance.
NMR spectroscopy for chemical analysis at low magnetic fields.
Commercial Cdk1 antibodies recognize the centrosomal protein Cep152.
Cap completion and C-terminal repeat domain kinase recruitment underlie the initiation-elongation transition of RNA polymerase II.
Structures of RNA polymerase II complexes with Bye1, a chromatin-binding PHF3/DIDO homologue.
Hydrogen bonding involving side chain exchangeable groups stabilizes amyloid quarternary structure.
Radiation induced topotactic [2 + 2] dimerisation of acrylate derivatives among the layers of a CaFe layered double hydroxide followed by IR spectroscopy.
Pump-flow-probe X-ray absorption spectroscopy as a tool for studying intermediate states of photocatalytic systems.
Towards longer-lived metal-to-ligand charge transfer states of iron(II) complexes: An N-heterocyclic carbene approach.
Structural basis of transcription elongation
Stacked planar micro coils for single-sided NMR applications.
Soft collective fluctuations governing hydrophobic association.
Design and fabrication of a metallic nanostamp using UV nanoimprinting and electroforming for replicating discrete track media with feature size of 35 nm.
Fast neurotransmitter release regulated by the endocytic scaffold intersectin.
Role of lipid composition in gas permeation across biological membranes.
Tau structure in paired helical filaments revealed by solid-state NMR.
Computational biotechnology: Design of selective ubiquitin.
Heat transfer pathways in proteins.
ShereKhan—calculating exchange parameters in relaxation dispersion data from CPMG experiments.
STED super-resolution microscopy reveals an array of MINOS clusters along human mitochondria.
Sensory cortex limits cortical maps and drives top-down plasticity in thalamocortical circuits.
Conversion of a singlet silylene to a stable biradical.
STED microscopy of living cells - new frontiers in membrane and neurobiology.
Phosphorylation of rat aquaporin-4 at Ser111 is not required for channel gating.
Fibrous networks with incorporated macrocycles: A chiral stimuli-responsive supramolecular supergelator and its application to biocatalysis in organic media.
nnnnn
Insights into membrane binding of PROPPINs and reconstitution of the mammalian autophagic conjugation systems.
Ultrafast dynamics in acetylene clocked in a femtosecond XUV stopwatch.
Inner-shell multiple ionization of polyatomic molecules with an intense x-ray free-electron laser studied by coincident ion momentum imaging.
Sensing the wavefront of x-ray free-electron lasers using aerosol spheres.
Competition between direct and indirect dissociation pathways in ultraviolet photodissociation of HNCO.
Importance of tumor suppressor gene p53-mediated endothelial cell apoptosis for cardiac angiogenesis and hypertrophy.
An Amplex Red-based fluorometric and spectrophotometric assay for L-asparaginase using its natural substrate.
Stimulated emission depletion microscopy resolves individual nitrogen vacancy centers in diamond nanocrystals.
Polar red-emitting rhodamine dyes with reactive groups: Synthesis, photophysical properties, and two-color STED nanoscopy applications.
Crystal structure of the human short coiled coil protein and insights into SCOC-FEZ1 complex formation.
Phosphorylation drives a dynamic switch in serine/arginine-rich proteins.
Importance of quantum orbits in continuum-continuum harmonic generation.
Bis(diphenylphosphino)-acetylene as bifunctional ligand in cycloplatinated complexes: Synthesis, characterization, crystal structures and mechanism of MeI oxidative addition.
Epicoccolides: Antimicrobial and antifungal polyketides from an endophytic fungus Epicoccum sp associated with Theobroma cacao.
Carborhodol: A new hybrid fluorophore obtained by combination of fluorescein and carbopyronine dye cores.
STED nanoscopy combined with optical tweezers reveals spatial dynamics of proteins on densely covered DNA.
Histone H1 and heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) regulate specific gene expression and not global transcription.
Measuring image resolution in optical nanoscopy.
An overexpression screen of Toxoplasma gondii Rab-GTPases reveals distinct transport routes to the micronemes.
Dissection of the factor requirements for spliceosome disassembly and the elucidation of its dissociation products using a purified splicing system.
New insight into lipid-protein membrane organization and its functionality with super-resolution STED microscopy.
Biological role and clinical relevance of central and peripheral circadian clocks.
An automated in-gel digestion/iTRAQ-labeling workflow for robust quantification of gel-separated proteins.
The identification of novel, high affinity AQP9 inhibitors in an intracellular binding site.
Molecular profiling of synaptic vesicle docking sites reveals novel proteins but few differences between glutamatergic and GABAergic synapses.
Translocation of tRNAs through the ribosome followed by single molecule FRET.
Efficient CO-CA transfer in highly deuterated proteins by band-selective homonuclear cross-polarization.
Unusual bonding in platinum carbido clusters.
SCF (Fbxw5) mediates transient degradation of actin remodeller Eps8 to allow proper mitotic progression.
Translocation on the ribosome.
Trapped in misbelief for almost 40 years: Selective synthesis of the four stereoisomers of mefloquine.
Structural determinants of conformational flexibility and long-range allostery of the CRM1 export complex.
Free energy landscapes of vesicle fusion by umbrella sampling MD simulations.
Photoisomerization control mechanisms in protonated Schiff bases.
Core hole screening and decay rates of double core ionized first row hydrides.
Dual use of GTP hydrolysis by elongation factor G on the ribosome.
Dynamic conformational transitions of the EGF receptor in living mammalian cells determined by FRET and fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy.
Halogenated volatile anesthetics alter brain metabolism as revealed by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy of mice in vivo.
From ligand fields to molecular orbitals: Probing the local valence electronic structure of Ni2+ in aqueous solution with resonant inelastic X-ray scattering.
Studies on the MxiH protein in T3SS needles using DNP-enhanced ssNMR spectroscopy.
Quantum effects in the capture of charged particles by dipolar polarizable symmetric top molecules. I. General axially nonadiabatic channel treatment.
Recruitment of TREX to the transcription machinery by its direct binding to the phospho-CTD of RNA polymerase II.
Superpriming of synaptic vesicles after their recruitment to the readily releasable pool.
Cryogenic solid state NMR studies of fibrils of the Alzheimer’s disease amyloid-β peptide: perspectives for DNP.
Electron attachment to CF3 and CF3Br at temperatures up to 890 K: Experimental test of the kinetic modeling approach.
Superresolving dendritic spines.
Constant pH simulations with the coarse-grained MARTINI model - Application to oleic acid aggregates.
Enhanced beta-turn conformational stability of tripeptides containing Delta Phe in cis over trans configuration.
Design of a phosphorylatable PDZ domain with peptide-specific affinity changes.
Rapid structural change in synaptosomal-associated protein 25 (SNAP25) precedes the fusion of single vesicles with the plasma membrane in live chromaffin cells.
Systematic identification of proteins binding to chromatin-embedded ubiquitylated H2B reveals recruitment of SWI/SNF to regulate transcription.
Ethyl 4-(5-bromo-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2,7,7-trimethyl-5-oxo-1,4,5,6,7,8-hexahydroquinoline-3-carboxylate.
Idealizing ion channel recordings by a jump segmentation multiresolution filter.
Conserved amyloid core structure of stop mutants of the human prion protein.
4-trifluoromethyl-substituted coumarins with large Stokes shifts: Synthesis, bioconjugates, and their use in super-resolution fluorescence microscopy.
Titration of syntaxin1 in Mammalian synapses reveals multiple roles in vesicle docking, priming, and release probability.
L-edge X-ray absorption spectroscopy of dilute systems relevant to metalloproteins using an X-ray free-electron laser.
Solid state photodimerisation of tetrathiafulvalene derivatives bearing carboxylate and carboxylic acid substituents.
Structural characterization of supramolecular assemblies by 13C spin dilution and 3D solid-state NMR.
Gastrin: A distinct fate of Neurogenin3 positive progenitor cells in the embryonic pancreas.
Molecular Recognition through Concerted Ubiquitin Backbone and Side Chain Motion Determined from NMR and MD Simulations.
Membrane orientation and lateral diffusion of BODIPY-cholesterol as a function of probe structure.
Observation of orientation-dependent electron transfer in molecule–surface collisions.
Experimental and modeling study of the reaction C2F4 (+ M) CF2 + CF2 (+ M).
Interbilayer repulsion forces between tension-free lipid bilayers from simulation.
Resonance-enhanced multiple ionization of krypton at an X-ray free-electron laser.
Reaction control in fungal fatty acid synthase.
Setting the stage for an interactive map of cytoskeletal networks and intracellular transport pathways.
SNARE mediated membrane fusion on pore-spanning membranes.
The homotrimeric HIV-1 viral coat protein gp41 is highly dynamic.
Phosphorylation of aquaporin-4 at Ser111 is not required for channel gating.
Analysis of fluorescence microscopy super-resolution data of protein assemblies.
Biomechanics study of cancer cells by optical tweezers and speckle microscopy.
Complexin I plays a bilateral role in synaptic transmission during development at the calyx of Held synapse.
Microdomains of SNARE proteins in the plasma membrane.
Circadian clocks and eating disorders.
Structural and dynamical effects of amyloid beta phosphorylation at serine 26.
A step toward probing higher-order Feynman diagrams in few-electron highly charged ions.
Quantitative Clinical Chemistry Proteomics (qCCP) using mass spectrometry: general characteristics and application.
Orientation and conformation of lipids in crystals of transmembrane proteins.
Structural basis of assembly chaperone- mediated snRNP formation.
Structural basis for dual roles of Aar2p in U5 snRNP assembly.
Direct interaction of the major light-harvesting complex II and PsbS in nonphotochemical quenching.
Lipid hop diffusion on the plasma membrane - a STED-FCS investigation.
A fluorescence based method for the quantification of surface functional groups in closed micro- and nanofluidic channels.
Dynamics of the ribosomal subunit Interface during TRNA translocation at near-atomic resolution.
Micro-optical lens array for fluorescence detection in droplet-based microfluidics.
Peakr: Simulating solid-state NMR spectra of proteins.
Inhibition of tau filament formation by conformational modulation.
Magnetic spin imaging under ambient conditions with sub-cellular resolution.
Librational fluctuations in protein glasses.
True real-time cardiac MRI in free breathing without ECG synchronization using a novel sequence with radial k-space sampling and balanced SSFP contrast mode.
The estimation of threshold models in price transmission analysis.
N-truncated amyloid beta (A beta) 4-42 forms stable aggregates and induces acute and long-lasting behavioral deficits.
Transients in global Ca2+ concentration induced by electrical activity in a giant nerve terminal.
Functional dissection of the paired domain of Pax6 reveals molecular mechanisms of coordinating neurogenesis and proliferation.
Syntaxin1a variants lacking an N-peptide or bearing the LE mutation bind to Munc18a in a closed conformation.
A stable transcription factor complex nucleated by oligomeric AML1-ETO controls leukaemogenesis.
Juxtamembrane tryptophans of synaptobrevin 2 control the process of membrane fusion.
Structural determinants and mechanism of mammalian CRM1 allostery.
A structural model of PpoA derived from SAXS-analysis-Implications for substrate conversion.
The sirtuin SIRT6 regulates stress granule formation in C. elegans and mammals.
Advanced electron paramagnetic resonance on the catalytic iron–sulfur cluster bound to the CCG domain of heterodisulfide reductase and succinate: Quinone reductase.
Reversible stabilization of transition-metal-binding DNA G-quadruplexes.
Ultrafast photoinduced dynamics of the 3,6-diaminoacridinium derivative ATTO 465 in solution.
Insights into the activation of the helicase Prp43 by biochemical studies and structural mass spectrometry.
PROPPINs in autophagy.
Induction and transport of Wnt 5a during macrophage-induced malignant invasion is mediated by two types of extracellular vesicles.
Structure and function of the spliceosome.
Fusion proteins - Different tools for different jobs?
Long-range distances in amyloid fibrils of α-synuclein from PELDOR spectroscopy.
Nck proteins are recruited directly to the BCR and regulate PI3K signaling thereby shaping B cell immune responses.
The inactivation of Arx in pancreatic alpha-cells triggers their neogenesis and conversion into functional beta-like cells.
Preventing of translation stalling on consecutive proline codons by the translation factor EF-P.
Primary effects of X-ray and photo-absorption induced excitations in biomolecules.
Anle138b: a novel oligomer modulator for disease-modifying therapy of neurodegenerative diseases such as prion and Parkinson's disease.
Exploring early stages of the chemical unfolding of proteins at the proteome scale.
Systematic analysis of histone modification readout
Impaired glucocorticoid production and response to stress in Arntl-deficient male mice.
Altered serum IgG levels to α-synuclein in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease.
Coaligned dual-channel STED nanoscopy and molecular diffusion analysis at 20 nm resolution.
The absolute configuration of (+)- and (-)-erythro-mefloquine.
Translocation in action.
Elongation factor P: Function and effects on bacterial fitness.
The cytoplasmic PAS(C) domain of the sensor kinase DcuS of Escherichia coli: Role in signal transduction, dimer formation, and DctA interaction.
Stress-induced ECM alteration modulates cellular microRNAs that feedback to readjust the extracellular environment and cell behavior.
Nanoscale spin reversal by non-local angular momentum transfer following ultrafast laser excitation in ferrimagnetic GdFeCo.
Vibrational enhancement of electron emission in CO (a(3)Pi) quenching at a clean metal surface.
Nanoscopy with focused light.
Mitochondrial protein import: Common principles and physiological networks.
Intramolecular charge transfer with crystal violet lactone in acetonitrile as a function of temperature: Reaction is not solvent-controlled.
Discovery of novel human aquaporin-1 blockers.
A slice-to-volume registration method based on real-time magnetic resonance imaging for measuring three-dimensional kinematics of the knee.
Geminin is required for the maintenance of pluripotency.
Experimental setup for high resolution x-ray spectroscopy of solids and liquid samples.
Mapping chemical bonding of reaction intermediates with femtosecond X-ray laser spectroscopy.
Photoinduced ultrafast dynamics of the triphenylamine-based organic sensitizer D35 on TiO2, ZrO2 and in acetonitrile.
The Dionaea muscipula ammonium channel DmAMT1 provides NH4+ uptake associated with Venus flytrap's prey digestion.
Increased proteome coverage by combining PAGE and peptide isoelectric focusing: Comparative study of gel-based separation approaches.
[Hexane-2,5-dione bis(thiosemicarbazonato)]nickel(II).
Palladium NanoparticlesImmobilized on Nano-silica Triazine Dendritic Polymer (Pdnp-nSTDP): An Efficient and Reusable Catalyst for Suzuki-Miyaura Cross-Coupling and Heck Reactions
Force distribution analysis of mechanochemically reactive dimethylcyclobutene.
STED microscopy detects and quantifies liquid phase separation in lipid membranes using a new far-red emitting fluorescent phosphoglycerolipid analogue.
Lanthanide cofactors accelerate DNA-catalyzed synthesis of branched RNA.
STED microscopy detects and quantifies liquid phase separation in lipid membranes using a new far-red emitting fluorescent phosphoglycerolipid analogue.
Multiscale methods for shape constraints in deconvolution: Confidence statements for qualitative features.
A study of radiative double electron capture in bare chromium ions at the ESR.
Bioorthogonal modifications and cycloaddition reactions for RNA chemical biology.
Rate estimates from sampling sparse transitions: TRNA motion limits transitions between ribosomal translocation intermediates.
Influenza virus binds its host cell using multiple dynamic interactions revealed by single virus force spectroscopy and force probe molecular dynamics.
Direct measurement of ion mobility in a conducting polymer.
Mid-infrared single-photon detection with tungsten silicide superconducting nanowires.
Enforced unfolding and mechanical properties of the importin-beta and importin-beta-binding-domain complex.
Real-time MRI as a new technique for the funtional assesment of the temporomandibular joint.
Handbook of Lipid Bilayers
FCS in STED microscopy: Studying the nanoscale of lipid membrane dynamics.
Interaction modes and absolute affinities of -amino acids for Mn2+: A comprehensive picture.
Sialorphin and its analog as ligands for copper(II) ions.
METscout: A pathfinder exploring the landscape of metabolites, enzymes and transporters.
Storage and uptake of D-serine into astrocytic synaptic-like vesicles specify gliotransmission.
Field localization and rescattering in tip-enhanced photoemission.
Mass spectrometry imaging: Linking molecule profiles to tissue spatial distribution.
Automated correlation of single particle tilt pairs for Random Conical Tilt and Orthogonal Tilt Reconstructions.
Qualitative and quantitative characterization of protein-phosphoinositide interactions with liposome-based methods.
Recognition of operator DNA by Tet repressor.
g_contacts: Fast contact search in bio-molecular ensemble data.
Dual-fluorescence L-amino acid reports insertion and orientation of melittin peptide in cell membranes.
Actin dynamics within single dendritic spine investigated by two photon fluorescence correlation spectroscopy during synaptic plasticity.
Fatty acid aggregates simulated using constant pH molecular dynamics with a coarse-grained model.
Mitochondrial SIRT4-type proteins in Caenorhabditis elegans and mammals interact with pyruvate carboxylase and other acetylated biotin-dependent carboxylases.
Imbalance of Hsp70 family variants fosters tau accumulation.
Development and application of NMR methods for challenges in drug discovery.
Detecting endogenous SUMO targets in mammalian cells and tissues.
Studies of highly charged iron ions using electron beam ion traps for interpreting astrophysical spectra
Copper 1D coordination polymers and dimers: Role of the carboxylate and the ammonium cation, crystal structures and magnetic studies.
Managing intracellular transport.
Quantifying disorder through conditional entropy: An application to fluid mixing.
Molecular dissection of step 2 catalysis of yeast pre-mRNA splicing investigated in a purified system.
Iron cation catalyzed reduction of N2O by CO: Gas-phase temperature dependent kinetics.
Probing for oligodendrocyte progenitor cell function by limitting their proliferation in the adult brain.
The tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-1 improves migration and adhesion of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells.
Protein-RNA crosslinking in native ribonucleoprotein particles.
White-matter microstructure and language lateralization in left-handers: A whole-brain MRI analysis.
Suppression of spontaneous emission in the optical pumping of molecules: Pump-dump-sweep-probe.
Structural basis for cooperativity of CRM1 export complex formation.
Cardiolipin deficiency affects respiratory chain function and organization in an induced pluripotent stem cell model of Barth syndrome.
Optimal superpositioning of flexible molecule ensemble.
Choroid plexus transcytosis and exosome shuttling deliver folate into brain parenchyma.
A critical function of Mad2l2 in primordial germ cell development of mice.
Sensitive monitoring of monoterpene metabolites in human urine using two-step derivatisation and positive chemical ionisation-tandem mass spectrometry.
Structural analysis of the yeast Dhh1-Pat1 complex reveals how Dhh1 engages Pat1, Edc3 and RNA in mutually exclusive interactions.
Involvement of protein IF2 N domain in ribosomal subunit joining revealed from architecture and function of the full-length initiation factor.
Combinatorial nucleoside-deletion-scanning mutagenesis of functional DNA.
Antibiotics inhibiting the translocation step of protein elongation on the ribosome.
WebScipio: Reconstructing alternative splice variants of eukaryotic proteins.
The nuclear F-actin interactome of Xenopus oocytes reveals an actin-bundling kinesin that is essential for meiotic cytokinesis.
Vibrational energy transfer at surfaces: The importance of non-adiabatic electronic effects.
Investigation of neuronal membrane fusion using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy.
The Dok-3/Grb2 protein signal module attenuates Lyn kinase-dependent activation of Syk kinase in B cell antigen receptor microclusters.
Estimating the rotation rate in the vacuolar proton-ATPase in native yeast vacuolar membranes.
Pilidiostigmin, a novel bioactive dimeric acylphloroglucinol derivative isolated from Pilidiostigma glabrum.
Rapid kinetic analysis of protein synthesis.
Introduction to QM/MM simulations.
Proliferative membrane changes of T-tubules and cell-wide network changes during cardiac remodeling with orphaning of Ca2+release sites are a general mechanism of heart failure.
Bacterial co-expression of the alpha and beta protomers of human L-asparaginase-3: Achieving essential N-terminal exposure of a catalytically critical threonine located in the beta-subunit.
Femtosecond photoelectron diffraction on laser-aligned molecules: Towards time-resolved imaging of molecular structure.
Interdomain dynamics explored by paramagnetic NMR.
N-H spin-spin couplings: Probing hydrogen bonds in proteins.
How the dynamics of the metal-binding loop region controls the acid transition in cupredoxins.
Blocking endocytosis enhances short-term synaptic depression under conditions of normal availability of vesicles.
Comment on "Role of (NO)(2) dimer in reactions of Fe+ with NO and NO2 studied by ICP-SIFT mass spectrometry.
test
Dynamic control of synaptic vesicle replenishment and short-term plasticity by Ca2+-Calmodulin-Munc13-1 signaling.
Immunostimulatory activity of murine keratinocyte-derived exosomes.
Whole genome duplication events in plant evolution reconstructed and predicted using myosin motor proteins.
State-to-state time-of-flight measurements of NO scattering from Au(111): Direct observation of translation-to-vibration coupling in electronically nonadiabatic energy transfer.
Observation of direct vibrational excitation in gas-surface collisions of CO with Au(111): a new model system for surface dynamics.
X-ray scattering experiments with high-flux X-ray source coupled rapid mixing microchannel device and their potential for high-flux neutron scattering investigations.
Probing the acetylation code of histone H4.
Uth1 is a mitochondrial inner membrane protein dispensable for post-log-phase and rapamycin-induced mitophagy.
Ultrafast charge rearrangement and nuclear dynamics upon inner-shell multiple ionization of small polyatomic molecules.
Ethyl 4-(5-bromo-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2,7,7-trimethyl-5-oxo-1,4,5,6,7,8-hexahydro-quino-line-3-carboxylate.
Anomalous signal from S atoms in protein crystallographic data from an X-ray free-electron laser.
Atomistic simulation of single molecule experiments: Molecular machines and a dynasome perspective.
Ultrafast X-ray spectroscopy measurements of photoinduced electron transfer dynamics.
Dynamics of C-terminal Gt alpha and Gs alpha peptides in the binding cavity of active GPCRs.
BAF chromatin remodeling complex cortical size regulation and beyond.
Electro-optics and macromolecular hydrodynamics.
Phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate clusters act as molecular beacons for vesicle recruitment.
Structural plasticity in human heterochromatin protein 1 beta.
Get3 is a holdase chaperone and moves to deposition sites for aggregated proteins when membrane targeting is blocked.
Control mechanisms of photoisomerization in protonated Schiff bases.
The common structural architecture of Shigella flexneri and Salmonella typhimurium Type Three Secretion needles.
Microglial activation, increased TNF and SERT expression in the prefrontal cortex define stress-altered behaviour in mice susceptible to anhedonia.
GenePainter: A fast tool for aligning gene structures of eukaryotic protein families, visualizing the alignments and mapping gene structures onto protein structures.
Identification of DEAD-box RNA helicase 6 (DDX6) as a cellular modulator of vascular endothelial growth factor expression under hypoxia.
Synaptic PI(3,4,5)P-3 is required for Syntaxin1A clustering and neurotransmitter release.
Small-scale isolation of synaptic vesicles from mammalian brain.
Molecular recognition through concerted ubiquitin backbone and side chain motion determined from NMR and MD simulations.
Quantum state-resolved gas/surface reaction dynamics probed by reflection absorption infrared spectroscopy.
Sec1p/Munc18 (SM) proteins and their role in regulating secretion in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Caenorhabditis elegans a comparative approach.
Non-invasive monitoring of therapeutic carbon ion beams in a homogeneous phantom by tracking of secondary ions.
High-fat diet-induced hyperinsulinemia and tissue-specific insulin resistance in Cry-deficient mice.
Chromatin regulation by BAF170 controls cerebral cortical size and thickness.
Development of micro-objective lens array for large field-of-view multi-optical probe confocal microscopy.
Acute sleep deprivation delays the glucagon-like peptide 1 peak response to breakfast in healthy men.
Nanoscopy with more than 100,000 'doughnuts'.
Visualization of adult stem cells within their niches using the Drosophila germline as a model system.
Probing the energy landscape of activation gating of the bacterial potassium channel KcsA.
STED nanoscopy with time-gated detection: Theoretical and experimental aspects.
Evolution of the protein stoichiometry in the L12 stalk of bacterial and organellar ribosomes.
Active zone protein expression changes at the key stages of cerebellar cortex neurogenesis in the rat.
Parallel recording of neurotransmitters release from chromaffin cells using a 10x10 CMOS IC potentiostat array with on-chip working electrodes.
Nuclear pore scaffold structure analyzed by super-resolution microscopy and particle averaging.
Importance of lipid-pore loop interface for potassium channel structure and function.
Affinity purification of spliceosomal and small nuclear ribonucleoprotein complexes.
Preface. The 12th meeting of the European Calcium Society.
W-band orientation selective DEER measurements on a Gd3+/nitroxide mixed-labeled protein dimer with a dual mode cavity
STED microscopy of living cells – new frontiers in membrane and neurobiology.
Convergent chemical synthesis of histone H2B protein for the site-specific ubiquitination at Lys34.
Toward detection of electron-hole pair excitation in H-atom collisions with Au(111): Adiabatic molecular dynamics with a semi-empirical full-dimensional potential energy surface.
Adiabatic energy loss in hyperthermal H atom collisions with Cu and Au: A basis for testing the importance of nonadiabatic energy loss.
Efficient band-selective homonuclear CO-CA cross-polarization in protonated proteins.
Structural investigations of molecular machines by solid-state NMR.
Quantitative mass spectrometry: Elucidation of the transduction cascade triggered by B cell receptors.
Real-time cardiovascular magnetic resonance at 1.5 T using balanced SSFP and 40 ms resolution.
Adult duct-lining cells can reprogram into β-like cells able to counter repeated cycles of toxin-induced diabetes.
Femtosecond UV-pump mid-IR probe spectroscopy of the ultrafast photodissociation of azide radicals from an azidoiron(III) complex.
Free glycine accelerates the autoproteolytic activation of human asparaginase
Micro-optical lens array for fluorescence detection in droplet-based microfluidics.
Mechanisms for efficient TRNA translocation through the ribosome.
Caspase-3 cleaves hnRNP K in erythroid differentiation.
Fast snare mediated synaptic vesicle fusion in supported membranes.
The ribosome as a versatile catalyst: Reactions at the peptidyl transferase center.
Protein synthesis: Translational Fidelity
Beta-synuclein aggregates and induces neurodegeneration in dopaminergic neurons.
Mechanistic basis of phenothiazine-driven inhibition of Tau aggregation.
Measuring dynamic and kinetic information in the previously inaccessible Supra-tc window of nanoseconds to microseconds by solution NMR spectroscopy.
Cohesiveness tunes assembly and morphology of FG nucleoporin domain meshworks - Implications for nuclear pore permeability.
Collective dynamics underlying allosteric transitions in hemoglobin.
In silico FRET from simulated dye dynamics.
Synthesis of spin-labeled riboswitch RNAs using convertible nucleosides and DNA-catalyzed RNA ligation.
NMR structural studies of the first catalytic half-domain of ubiquitin activating enzyme.
Superresolution microscopy in heart — Cardiac nanoscopy.
Reduced sleep-like quiescence in both hyperactive and hypoactive mutants of the Galphaq gene egl-30 during lethargus in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Comment on “On the dual emission of p-dimethylaminobenzonitrile and its photophysical implications”.
Differential roles of postsynaptic density-93 isoforms in regulating synaptic transmission.
Steroids as external temporal codes act via microRNAs and cooperate with cytokines in differential neurogenesis.
Computational analysis of local membrane properties.
Preserving catalytic activity and enhancing biochemical stability of the therapeutic enzyme asparaginase by biocompatible multi layered polyelectrolyte microcapsules.
Ultra-high throughput detection of single cell beta-galactosidase activity in droplets using micro-optical lens array.
Internal protein dynamics on ps to mu s timescales as studied by multi-frequency N-15 solid-state NMR relaxation.
Outlook on FRET: The future of resonance energy transfer: A rosy crystal ball view of FRET
An AP2 transcription factor is required for a sleep-active neuron to induce sleep-like quiescence in C. elegans.
A cholesterol recognition amino acid consensus domain in GP64 fusion protein facilitates anchoring of baculovirus to mammalian cells.
Constant pH simulations with the coarse-grained MARTINI model—Application to oleic acid aggregates.
Influence of gold nanoparticles on the kinetics of α-synuclein aggregation.
Snap-, CLIP- and Halo-tag labelling of budding yeast cells.
1,1'-Bis(tert-butyl­dimethyl­sil­yl)ferrocene.
The SUMO1-E67 interacting loop peptide is an allosteric inhibitor of the dipeptidyl peptidases 8 and 9.
Evaluated kinetic and photochemical data for atmospheric chemistry: Volume VI – heterogeneous reactions with liquid substrates.
RNA structure analysis of human spliceosomes reveals a compact 3D arrangement of snRNAs at the catalytic core.
Structure of a bacterial filament solved by solid-state NMRa: The type III secretion system needle.
Charge separation in water on strong impacts and recombination of dispersed ions.
Modulation of intersubunit interactions during tRNA translocation through the ribosome.
Reconstruction of electron densities from few photon singular molecule X-ray scattering experiments.
β2 integrin–derived signals induce cell survival and proliferation of AML blasts by activating a Syk/STAT signaling axis.
Quantum capture of charged particles by rapidly rotating symmetric top molecules with small dipole moments: Analytical comparison of the fly-wheel and adiabatic channel limits.
Conformational plasticity of the multi-domain Heterochromatin Protein 1 beta.
Crystal structure and functional mechanism of a human antimicrobial membrane channel.
Burial of the polymorphic residue 129 in amyloid fibrils of prion stop mutants.
EF-P is essential for rapid synthesis of proteins containing consecutive proline residues
A straightforward method for stereospecific assignment of val and leu prochiral methyl groups by solid-state NMR: Scrambling in the [2-13C]Glucose labeling scheme.
Proteins in the gas phase.
Channel crystal structure and antimicrobial mechanism of Dermcidin from human skin.
Free glycine accelerates the autoproteolytic activation of human asparaginase.
Rapid fusion of synaptic vesicles with reconstituted target SNARE membranes.
Statistical multiresolution estimation for variational imaging: with an application in poisson-biophotonics.
The kinetics of joined action of triplet-triplet annihilation and first-order decay of molecules in T-1 state in the case of nondominant first-order process: The kinetic model in the case of spatially periodic excitation.
Real-time MRI of speaking at a resolution of 33 ms: Undersampled radial FLASH with nonlinear inverse reconstruction.
Transport mechanisms of the vesicular glutamate transporter 1.
Circadian regulation of lipid mobilization in white adipose tissues.
Orientation selection in distance measurements between nitroxide spin labels at 94 GHz EPR with variable dual frequency irradiation
Inhibition of RNA helicase Brr2 by the C-terminal tail of the spliceosomal protein Prp8.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor-mediated induction of the microRNA-132/212 cluster promotes interleukin-17-producing T-helper cell differentiation.
Statistical multiresolution estimation for variational imaging: With an application in poisson-biophotonics.
Electron microscopy structure of human APC/C-CDH1-EMI1 reveals multimodal mechanism of E3 ligase shutdown.
STED nanoscopy combined with optical tweezers reveals protein dynamics on densely covered DNA.
Cross-polarisation edited ENDOR.
Myelin membrane assembly is driven by a phase transition of myelin basic proteinsiInto a cohesive protein meshwork.
tRNA tKUUU, tQUUG, and tEUUC wobble position modifications fine-tune protein translation by promoting ribosome A-site binding.
Mover Is a homomeric phospho-proteinpPresent on synaptic vesicles.
Magnetic nanoparticles as mediators of ligand-free activation of EGFR signaling.
Molecular characterization of Mst77F and implication in Drosophila spermatogenesis.
Phosphorylation of human Tau protein by microtubule affinity-regulating kinase 2.
Systematic analysis of barrier-forming FG hydrogels from Xenopus nuclear pore complexes.
Signal recognition initiates reorganization of the presequence translocase during protein import.
Selective loss of noradrenaline exacerbates early cognitive dysfunction and synaptic deficits in APP/PS1 mice.
Identification of CRM1-dependent nuclear export cargos using quantitative mass spectrometry.
Glioma infiltration of the corpus callosum: early signs detected by DTI.
Protein structure characterization by solid-state NMR: Structural comparison of mouse and human alpha-synuclein fibrils, sparce 13 C labeling schemes, and stereospecific assigment of Val and Leu prochiral methyl groups.
Stereochemistry of challenging natural products studied by NMR-based methods.
Cold denaturation of a protein dimer monitored at atomic resolution.
A histone mutant reproduces the phenotype caused by loss of histone-modifying factor Polycomb.
Structural ensembles of intrinsically disordered FG-nucleoporins depend on force field.
The supramolecular assembly of intrinsically disordered nucleoporin domains is tuned by inter-chain interactions.
Exploring protein energy landscapes with time-dependent principal component analysis.
Insulin and insulin like growth factor II endocytosis and signaling via insulin receptor B.
Atomic structure and handedness of the building block of a biological assembly.
Carotenoid-chlorophyll coupling and fluorescence quenching correlate with protein packing density in grana-thylakoids.
Dynamic conformational transitions of the EGF receptor in living mammalian cells determined by FRET and fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy
Tissue multicolor STED nanoscopy of presynaptic proteins in the Calyx of Held.
Bis(diphenylphosphino)acetylene as bifunctional ligand in cycloplatinated complexes: Synthesis, characterization, crystal structures and mechanism of MeI oxidative addition.
Photoswitching emission with rhodamine spiroamides for super-resolution fluorescence nanoscopies.
The differential effects of chronic imipramine or citalopram administration on physiological and behavioral outcomes in naive mice.
Simultaneous quantitative live cell Imaging of multiple FRET-based biosensors.
Phosphorus stimulated unidirectional growth of TiO2 nanostructures.
Structural principles of RNA catalysis in a 2 '-5 ' lariat-forming ribozyme.
Experimental and theoretical study of multi-quantum vibrational excitation: NO(v=0 -> 1,2,3) in collisions with Au(111).
The Bruchpilot cytomatrix determines the size of the readily releasable pool of synaptic vesicles.
Quantum dots as templates for self-assembly of photoswitchable polymers: small, dual-color nanoparticles capable of facile photomodulation
Cell layers and neuropil: Contrast-enhanced MRI of mouse brain in vivo.
Quantum effects in the capture of charged particles by dipolar polarizable symmetric top molecules. II. Interplay between electrostatic and gyroscopic interactions
Effects of fabrication errors on the sensitivity of nano-replicated guided mode resonance protein sensors.
Modeling the structure of RNA molecules with small-angle X-ray scattering data.
Cutting edge: Feed-forward activation of phospholipase C gamma 2 via C2 domain-mediated binding to SLP65.
Novel precursors of fluorescent dyes. 1. Interaction of the dyes with model phospholipid in monolayers.
Energetics of translocating ribosome.
Therapeutic enzymes for the treatment of leukemia: Autoproteolytic activation of human asparaginase induced by free glycine.
Predicting the rotational tumbling of dynamic multidomain proteins and supramolecular complexes.
Structure and RNA-binding properties of the Not1-Not2Not5 module of the yeast Ccr4-Not complex.
Induction of multiple cycles of pancreatic ß-cell replacement.
Energy barriers and driving forces in tRNA translocation through the ribosome.
A rapid freeze-quench setup for multi-frequency EPR spectroscopy of enzymatic reactions.
Remembering Robert Clegg and Elizabeth Jares-Erijman and their contributions to FRET.
A kinetic safety gate controlling the delivery of unnatural amino acids to the ribosome.
Unexpected molecular flip in solid-state photodimerization.
The Prp19 complex directly functions in mitotic spindle assembly.
The evolutionarily conserved protein CG9186 is associated with lipid droplets, required for their positioning and for fat storage.
The heme a synthase Cox15 associates with cytochrome c oxidase assembly intermediates during Cox1 maturation.
Expansion of the mutually exclusive spliced exome in Drosophila.
Effect of the crystal structure of small precursor particles on the growth of β-NaREF4 (RE = Sm, Eu, Gd, Tb) nanocrystals.
Enhanced accuracy of kinetic information from CT-CPMG experiments by transverse rotating-frame spectroscopy.
BAF chromatin remodeling complex: Cortical size regulation and beyond.
Time-Resolved Measurement of Interatomic Coulombic Decay in Ne2.
[Hexane-2,5-dione bis­(thio­semi­carba­zon­ato)]nickel(II).
1,1'-Bis(tert-butyldimethylsilyl)ferrocene.
High variation of fluorescence protein maturation times in closely related Escherichia coli strains.
It takes two to tango: PROPPINs use two phosphoinositide-binding sites.
Mesoscale morphology of airborne core-shell nanoparticle clusters: X-ray laser coherent diffraction imaging
Towards unsupervised single-shot diffractive imaging of heterogeneous particles using X-ray free-electron.